---
layout: post
title: "S4P: 07 APR 2011 (REPORT)"
date: 2013-10-02 22:48:56 +0000
---
We have increased our basic CTD station spacing to 60 nautical miles, from the
original 30 nautical miles. We kept to 30 over the core (and highest priority)
part of the cruise plan. We knew, however, that when we crossed into the
Antarctic Circumpolar Current, which we are now sailing in and along, there
was little oceanographic damage switching to 60-mile spacing, which helps save
time. The station plan includes runs to the continental slope with more
closely spaced stations at the ends of the P18 and S4P lines. Ice conditions
at the end of the P18 line (see attached file for today's ice map) may allow
us to make it to the shelf break, perhaps a little east of the intended line,
within the time we will allot to that portion of the cruise plan.

The pace in the labs is now a little more relaxed. With a plan in place
regarding how we intend to complete the measurement program (within the next
two weeks), everyone is focused on simply getting the job done.

Temperature and salinity differences with the 1992 Ioffe occupation of S04P
continue in a similar vein to those reported earlier: away from the western
boundary, the bulk of the water column is a little warmer and possibly
slightly saltier now than measured in 1992.

A major activity this week was the deployment of a 4 km string of moored
instruments at a specified spot in the ocean for Xiaojun Yuan (Columbia/LDEO)
and Janet Sprintall (SIO). Neither PI was on board, but because WHOI mooring
expert Jim Ryder was along, they knew - quite correctly - that their project
was in great hands. The specifications called for the top float of the mooring
to be 100 meters below the sea surface - in ca. 4500 meters of water - plus
the mooring needed to be in an area where the bottom was flat, and had to be
deployed in reasonably good weather. We used the Palmer's multi-beam
bathymetric mapping system (managed by Chris Linden, RPSC) to map the ocean
floor, then we did a CTD cast at the most likely looking mooring deployment
spot to measure the water characteristics and verify the bottom depth. There
were also a host of XBT casts and one more CTD cast associated with the
mooring science program, not to mention the long deployment itself. Add a day
of time lost to bad weather before mooring deployment, and you can see why
this was quite an operation, and one we are glad to have completed
successfully and now have behind us.

A highlight for the science team was tours of the Palmer's engine spaces this
week by Chief Engineer Johnny Pierce ("JP") and his expert team of engineers.
With two of the four large marine diesel engines powered up plus some of the
electrical generator diesels, of course hearing protection was needed, and
there are hot/dangerous spots to avoid. But ordinary clothes are fine -
nothing will get dirty during a tour to the engineers' nearly spotless work
place, as clean and as orderly as can be. Wow!

Holidays can be fun on board, so April 1st got some special attention. Even
better, some of us who were "fooled" forgot that it was April 1st, adding to
the joy of the conspirators and the fun had by all. Check out Juan's blog for
the fun.

We're a relaxed bunch, well-fed, tired of stormy weather, happy for the
present good weather, and working together to get the job done.

All is well on the Nathaniel B. Palmer.

Jim and Alex

Included with this email:

"" shows
the planned P18S track to (and slightly beyond) the shelf break along with the
06April2011 ice conditions. If conditions stay much the same, our "P18S" track
would run slightly east of that shown, in more favorable ice conditions. Ice
coverage is currently ca. 100% in the area of Stan Jacobs' moorings. We are
not equipped to recover moorings in ice-covered waters.


