---
layout: post
title: "S4P: 21 APR 2011 (REPORT)"
date: 2013-10-02 23:05:06 +0000
---
Dear Colleagues,

We are homeward bound!

At 05:25 local time on Tuesday, 19 April 2011, the rosette from station 140,
the easternmost station we planned, and the last one on CLIVAR S04P, was
brought into the Baltic Room. This completed the over-the-side work for our
cruise, though it took a day to analyze the samples that we backlogged as we
crossed the eastern boundary of our study area. We arrived at the eastern end
a little earlier than expected due to an unprecedented (for this cruise) eight
day string of days with light winds, plus our equipment worked nearly
flawlessly.

So what did we do next? We went on an oceanographic treasure hunt! Believe it
or not, five days earlier a satellite had reported to its base station that
a400 meter long biophysical mooring for Dr. Richard Limeburner (Woods Hole),
deployed in 450 meters of water more than ten years ago by Jim Ryder (the
mooring tech on our cruise), but lost in 2001 when it failed to rise to the
surface when triggered to do so, had all of a sudden come to the surface and
contacted the satellite. (Good batteries!) The location was only about 8 hours
away. So after our final station we motored over to its last reported location
and - voila! - there it was! Jim, the RPSC marine techs, and our students and
other helpers then set to work, recovering the entire string of instruments,
covered with ten years of marine growth. Everything was cleaned and will be
returned to Dr. Limeburner. What a wild coincidence!

We are now on our way to Punta Arenas, Chile, which is our end port for this
long cruise. We're getting a bit of a weather blast today - after all, this is
Drake Passage, infamous for its heavy weather - yet we are actually ahead of
schedule and are arriving a little early. We still will not be able to begin
our unloading until Monday, due to Easter.

Tonight we will hold a little variety show on the ship, featuring skits and
music from our "polliwogs" (those for whom this was their first Antarctic
crossing) plus some of the "red noses". There will be a traditional induction
for the polliwogs tomorrow morning.

And that's just about that for this cruise. It's been a long haul - 64 days at
sea without a port stop is a new record for most if not all of us. But we
achieved our scientific objectives (except for the iced-up southern end of P18
and mooring recoveries there), and enjoyed a safe and productive time at sea.
We are very grateful to our shipmates from Edison Chouest Offshore, who
operate the Nathaniel B. Palmer and support us and our science so well,
thankful for our support from our seven colleagues from Raytheon Polar
Services Corporation, and deeply appreciative of our support for this venture
from the National Science Foundation, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.

We did it!

All is well on the Nathaniel B. Palmer.

Jim and Alex


