---
layout: post
title: "Maintaining Relationships While at Sea"
date: 2013-10-03 19:33:31 +0000
---
On a six-week business trip this winter, Cassandra Lopez posted updates to her
friends on Facebook, and conversed with her family on Gmail chat. What made
these interactions unique was that Cassandra was on-location in the Southern
Ocean, writing oceanography articles from one of the world's most remote
places. She was aboard the R/V Roger Revelle, a vessel of the Scripps
Institution of Oceanography (SIO) in La Jolla, CA, which, like most large
ships of its generation, comes with advanced communication systems, as well as
crew members devoted to technical support. The HiSeasNet satellite system on
the R/V Roger Revelle enables it to better serve as a laboratory for
scientific research by providing constant internet access. It also has the
byproduct of helping seagoing researchers and crew members maintain
relationships back home.


![][fig0]

![][fig1]

![][fig2]
On
top of a fairly consistent email service, several crew members maintain blogs
to tell friends and family about their shipboard experiences. Joe Ferris, a
Second Mate, recently posted on travel plans, piracy evasion, foul weather
navigation, and working out. Resident Technician Dave Langner takes advantage
of the Realtime camera system, which uploads images from the ship to a San
Diego database every ten minutes, to keep in touch with his mother. "Sometimes
I'll email her just before I go on deck," he says, "and she can see me working
from her computer screen."

Veterans of ship life say that communication has improved dramatically in the
past two decades. Acoustics specialist Jules Hummon recalls that when she
first started going to sea in 1988, images were faxed via satellite-linked
modems, and it took half an hour to transmit a page-long image of sea surface
temperatures. On her first trip, she was billed by the kilobyte for two
personal faxes: a letter from her mother, and a Calvin and Hobbes comic strip
from her husband. They cost her over $100 to receive. These days, she can
download reasonably-sized images through email using the HiSeasNet satellite
connection at no additional cost.

Still, the ability to stay connected to land is a mixed blessing for
oceanographers, who appreciate the relative simplicity of life at sea. In a
survey taken of scientists and crew members on the R/V Revelle's CLIVAR I8S
expedition in March, most respondents echoed the sentiment of Chief Scientist
Jim Swift, who listed "getting away from the distractions of professional
life" as one of ship time's primary appeals. Chris Measures, a trace metals
scientist and oceanography professor, finds that better communication has
increased his responsibilities at sea. Besides being constantly on-call for
the six weeks of CLIVAR I8S, he was in charge of coordinating a grant proposal
with researchers in America, India, and Italy, which he submitted by shipboard
email.

The improved capacity for communication has also brought the interruptions of
personal life. Seagoers fret about termite infestations and errors in bills
and pet sicknesses that they can do nothing about, barring their physical
presence. Furthermore, the inconsistency of satellite connections makes it
difficult to start relationships with those onshore, as the expectations of
communication are hard to fulfill. On a four-week trip off the coast of
Indonesia, resident technician Dave Langner thought that a budding
relationship was falling apart. "It seemed like she was ignoring some
important emails I had sent," he said. "It turns out she just hadn't received
them." Second Mate Joe Ferris, who spends five to seven months at sea every
year, doesn't bother: "I only date when I'm not working," he says.

The oceanographer tends to fall on the adventurous end of the personality
spectrum, but the demands of the oceangoing lifestyle remain at odds with the
standard urge to settle down. After more than a decade of traveling out of a
ship's berth to exotic locales, Joe Ferris is thinking seriously about buying
property and moving his things out of storage. Few give it up completely, but
many cut down in their ship time as they move into the patterns of a more
stable life: buying homes, finding partners, having children. Lynne Talley, a
professor and researcher at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, spent
much of the â‰ˆ90's at sea, but she now devotes her time to teaching and writing
on campus to stay closer to her family. Frequent emailing may not fully
substitute for being at home, but it is remarkable that shipboard
communications have evolved such that new oceanographers can compare sea time
to business trips made by their friends in marketing and consulting. "Many
careers require travel," says Cliff Buck, a graduate student at the University
of Florida. "I don't really see this lifestyle as being all that unusal."



[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig2]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
