---
layout: post
title: "CTD & Rosettes"
date: 2013-10-03 18:20:12 +0000
---

![][fig0]
The
CTD/rosette is a device that enables scientists to explore some of the deepest
parts of the ocean, without getting wet! The CTD/rosette is an instrument that
consists of sampling bottles attached to a metal framework. On the framework
there are instruments that measures temperature, salinity, and depth. Other
instruments can be attached to the rosette as well.

On a research ship, the CTD/rosette is one of the most important scientific
tools. On an average day, activities are centered on deploying the rosette.
The research ship steams to a station, a specific location that has been
selected to put the rosette in the water. The deployment of the rosette is
like a well rehearsed, choreographed dance. The rosette is prepared in the
hangar by the deck team and the instruments are checked. In the lab, the
scientist on watch is monitoring deck activity and remotely turns on the
CTD/rosette power and initializes the software. Now the deck choreography goes
into high gear under the guidance of the deck leader, who carefully watches
the machines and his crew to see that nothing falters.


![][fig1]

![][fig2]

![][fig3]
Following
the deck leader's hand signals, the winch operator takes in a few feet of the
CTD/rosette cable to lift the rosette off the platform and extend it over the
water. He slowly pays out cable. The deck crew works together to lower the
rosette into the water. The deck leader then signals the winch operator to let
out cable so that the CTD/rosette slides into the ocean, just below the
surface, so that his deck crew can slip off their tag lines, which keep the
CTD/rosette from accidentally hitting the side of the ship as it is deployed.
Then the deck leader has the winch operator lower the CTD/rosette to 10
meters.


![][fig4]
Once
the CTD/rosette is 10 meters underwater, the scientist in the lab then takes
over, directing the winch to lower the CTD/rosette close to the bottom. This
process involves coordination between the lab and winch operator, who are in
constant contact via a special two-way hands-free phone. It can take from one
to two hours to lower the CTD/rosette. On this cruise it will go as deep as
4700 meters at some stations. The descent can be slow due to the swell of the
Southern Ocean, which affects how the ship, the cable, and the CTD/rosette
interact. The scientist on watch in the lab monitors the descent, and with the
help of the CTD/rosette's on-board altimeter, the scientist can ensure that it
doesn't hit the bottom.


![][fig5]
During
the ascent, the scientist in the lab will have the winch stop at pre-selected
depths so that the bottles can be "tripped," or closed, by computer command
from the lab. On the particular CTD/rosette being used aboard this ship, there
are 36 bottles. The CTD/rosette ascends at a maximum rate of 60 meters per
minute, so it may take several hours to reach the surface. Once it reaches the
surface, the choreographed deck crew operation runs in reverse, only this time
with water samplers standing by to greet the arrival of the CTD/rosette.

Once the CTD/rosette is back on deck and secure back inside the hangar, the
students, scientists, and technicians waiting to take water samples good-
naturedly jostle each other for their turn to extract samples. The aptly named
sample cop is in charge of keeping track of whose turn it is to sample, and
ensuring that the samplers follow a specific sampling order. Water samples for
dissolved gases can be affected by time and exposure to air, so it is
important that the water samplers for these go before team members sampling
less time- or exposure-sensitive properties, such as salinity (dissolved
salts). The sampling area has a friendly atmosphere, although the scientists
take sampling very seriously.


![][fig6]
Although
it is entertaining to watch the skilled choreography on deck, it is important
to remember that it serves a key purpose. Cruises such as this one enable
scientists to acquire much-needed data. The coordination of the deck team, the
winch operator, and the scientists is an important step in getting this
valuable data. The most amazing part is, the deployment of the CTD/rosette is
only one part of the astonishing amount of teamwork required to gather data in
the remote corners of the ocean.



[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig2]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig3]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig4]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig5]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig6]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
