---
layout: post
title: "S4P: 31 MAR 2011 (REPORT)"
date: 2013-10-02 22:38:04 +0000
---
Our decision to do a somewhat-shortened version of the 170°W section worked
out fine. (We'll attach a map to show you where we have sampled to date.) The
weather was great, we completed the 8th (final) station 6 hours before
deadline, and the data showed the features we hoped to measure. We then began
a planned 50-hour steam to our next station. Half-way through we had to slow
down due to the rough ride in moderately heavy weather. The slow-down used all
the hours we had gained and then some, but we finally got back to work.

At our last station on the 170°W line a group of humpback whales swam around
us - close by - for a couple of hours (See below). Although we have no way to
know, they seemed to be enjoying themselves, swimming by in different
positions, flapping fins on the water, making grunting sounds, etc. Just
listening to their deep breathing was a treat.

As discussed in past reports, east of 150°W we widened our station spacing
from the originally planned 30 nautical miles to 45. We plan to keep to this
spacing until approximately 130°W.

If weather were ideal, we would deploy the Yuan/Sprintall mooring at 66.6°S,
136°W tomorrow afternoon, but that seems unlikely. There is list of planned
events - bathymetric survey, on-site and regional CTD casts, the mooring
deployment itself, XBT deployments along the path we steam - some of which can
be in any order and some of which must occur in sequence. The team is very
well prepared; all we need is good enough weather, which at present is in
short supply. Watch for next week's report to see how it all came out.

Well presented general information about our cruise is updated frequently on
Juan Botella's blog. Juan is a high school science teacher from Wisconsin who
is participating on our cruise as part of the NSF-sponsored PolarTREC program.
You will see that Juan is gifted at describing what we do and he is also an
excellent photographer. Please see
<http://www.polartrec.com/expeditions/seawater-property-changes-in-the-
southern-ocean>.

Life on board has been fine. We eat well (or a little too well in some cases).
There are a few group activities such as a themed movie time. We were recently
"killed" one by one in the stealthy tag game "murder" which is popular on
research ships. (Juan was the winner, meaning the final "murderer" and last
"alive".) The cribbage tournament is into round two. And there are plans afoot
for a couple of other group events or activities. Little things, but it keeps
life moving along.

All is well on the Nathaniel B. Palmer.

Jim and Alex


