---
layout: post
title: "Blue Collar Oceanography"
date: 2013-10-03 19:13:29 +0000
---
The people collecting the data behind climate change are not "climate change
scientists," but technicians and engineers who are attracted to their jobs
more for the lifestyle than for the glory of doing climate research.


![][fig0]

![][fig1]

![][fig2]
This
winter, Eric Quiroz spent six weeks aboard the research vessel R/V Roger
Revelle collecting the data on which climate models are built. To put it
bluntly, Quiroz fed vials of seawater into a nutrient analysis machine during
twelve-hour shifts. “I wake up, run samples, and go to sleep,” he said.

Quiroz was contracted by the Oceanic Data Facility (ODF, a subsidiary of the
Scripps Institution of Oceanography) to analyze the nutrient content of water
samples on “I8S,” a cruise track in the south Indian Ocean resurveyed every
ten years. Other technicians were hired by ODF to measure temperature, oxygen,
carbon, and salt content. These parameters form a basic quintet of water
properties that are tracked by the Climate Variability Repeat Hydrography
program (CLIVAR), a long-term project that produces a public database of
physical water properties. Using CLIVAR data, modelers and climate scientists
have published seminal papers on climate projections, ocean acidification, and
polar ice melt.

CLIVAR and ODF were conceived by some of the nation’s top oceanographers, but
the bulk of the data is collected by a team of chemists, engineers, and
technicians who find “climate research” to be a glorified description of their
work. “[I] just run the machine and keep it running,” says Quiroz.


![][fig3]

![][fig4]

![][fig5]

![][fig6]
For
a team that sails frequently with leading climate scientists, most of their
knowledge about climate change comes from the popular press. Since taking the
job last September, carbon technician Susan Alford has learned a lot about
taking accurate measurements, but derives most of the context for work from
college coursework and public interest articles. Chad Klinesteker, a salts
analyzer for I8S, had a similar experience: “I’ve learned a lot about the
equipment that we use just from working with the techs,” he said, “but not so
much the science.”

Scientists are more than willing to discuss their work but it just doesn’t
come up that often in conversation, and it’s irrelevant to doing the job well.
According to Quiroz, collecting high-quality climate data requires an
“attention to detail and the ability to troubleshoot systems,” more than a
degree or an environmental conscience. A good technician has extraordinary
patience and follows protocols well. A better technician adapts his or her
technical skills to fit any task. Quiroz is a chemist with a degree in marine
science, but in fifteen years of ship work he has picked up experience in
winch operations and crane work. His predecessor was a watchmaker.


![][fig7]

![][fig8]
Because
the demand for at-sea technicians fluctuates, ODF keeps only a small permanent
staff at its base in San Diego. Many technicians are outsourced as needed:
Jane Eert, an oxygen analyst on I8S, holds a regular job as a computer
programmer. Klinesteker, a salts sampler, runs deck operations for the Coast
Guard. These technicians consider working for ODF as a tangent to their
permanent careers, but they keep returning for the “camaraderie” and the
“slower pace of life.” They say it’s refreshing to focus on a singular task
and on the people around you, away from phones, televisions, and other
distractions of life on land.

Jim Swift, Chief Scientist for I8S, likens CLIVAR to “blue-collar
oceanography.” “We’re at the assembly line level,” he says. “We’re putting
together a dataset for other people to use.” And at the end of a day’s work,
nobody wants to talk about climate change as they catch sunset from hammocks
strung on deck, _ miles from the nearest shore and even further from a
newspaper.



[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAUDBAQEAwUEBAQFBQUGBwwIBwcHBw8LCwkMEQ8SEhEPERETFhwXExQaFRERGCEYGh0dHx8fExciJCIeJBweHx7/2wBDAQUFBQcGBw4ICA4eFBEUHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh7/wAARCABUAGQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABgcABQIDBAgB/8QAPBAAAQMDAwIEBAIIBAcAAAAAAQIDBAAFEQYSIRMxIkFRYQcUcYEVsRYjMlKRocHRJEJyohdic4Ky0uH/xAAaAQACAwEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADBAECBQYA/8QALREAAgIBAwIDCAIDAAAAAAAAAQIAAxEEEiExQRNRkQUUIjOhscHwceEygdH/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/AFfdG146haWhJ7KKCAaYulbPPchxbo9FCYjjW/xrSSQRwcfXBoNvGorhNsbdoeSz8u0EBO1GFeEcc5pv2TaPh/btuD/gWs4+iaWZyEbbLIoLcwV+Kk2422ywpFsnyIbm9zcplZSVeEYz9DTSsEf8S0rbTIkSA49EZWt1t0ocKtgJO4eZNB9zstu1BFai3HqltBJGxe05IweaMrO43CgR4bRV0mG0tIycnCRgfyFZFzDaAOserB3E9oCap1HdbTr6fbEvfM26HanJKWHACpakMBfK8buT3q80QU3bR8a8uxmY7ssqeW20+HkJUVjgLHBHFZ3jTtomX2ReX23nJEmOqM6kueAoUjYRj6e9WVlhpjaXct1tw0UBaWFL8e1XBBOe/NTWyZGBzxPEMM5jJtjMht4uMSNifIbsDyqyvC8xUFzxqSnJURnsaSFg1FryHeJaLnAcu8dnKAiFCS0CrwkL3emM8Y8/aiV/XN6ZCgdI3MgDglCiB9OK1l1CKvWKshJzMtRNtO31jAUFfKP5Cs5/abpCRmU/8TZgzwmfvI9drYV/SnVAvLl+EW6SW2Ia1RXNkbeS4QpacqIIHh8PB880h76lTmpL/tCT/iDnd/0xTfssh72x5RfWHCD+Y0/iHckt6ft8RorDhcQ8rYjwAbCMAngnvx5DFBNtuZ6LiVLTgvKzn6q9RiqZO38LjKSEgtjpn6ftJ/M/wrihSCG1EKx+tX5n1PpXTaVfAp8MnMx7WFlm6FjjKVEKKAcjNSu3pnpt/wChP5VK45rFyeZpcxayNpyMjNObT6m0/DmEsqCU/JoKieBxjzpEvPu9xHUP9SwP70e62nTIfwMhuxgUll5pt/CicpyTnPpkpoKOWRhiOAYIMKbdqqxmT8sLmwF7tuVHCSr0yeM0UNTCAPSvL+kDJlz47suKlyJIK2ycZyrBGT9+2e9OzTTq0W62NMrfZYQ0QtCuStWfMnnHftSd9DIATG1zjJhrImEpOTXbpyYlyI7tJ8MhSD9cJ/vQy6/kd67YN0h22zuy50huMwhwlS1H2H8T7UBBgyx6QZ1LrHU0S5zV22fFjNtyijphIKiE+HxZz6Zpj6dvDl90nDnS2ghctg9RI4BySkkegI5+9eerrfLXervOntOOiP8AMLU6pyNktt/vZA8k8+vlTqhXWzxtMoudsfL9rbjJDRaJUC2jgYBxz69u1O2KFUDEGcdQZ0WGDETFg3IIV803C+WSrdx0927GPqO9Ja4vITqC/lYGS+rBPp0+aYEX4i2GDb4kJ1uX1VYaBKEpTnPfJPvSov8AdLO3dbq89fIDSXnyWwlzqqUnABO1GT61p+yM1uS/HEz9adyjb5y3iOpMB5lSvF00uAbsDw9/5E1URnQlg7lAHqOHuf3j5Vjbptuu3SkRpTyozEgb1lkoCgByME5xhVfG2HmIskyEKT0utlSgQkHKtqjgcpzg8dxXUBwwyvSZO08A9YypAiMqS2J6mSEjKAvISce4OPpUpRfpHfJHjY1mzGA8KmmWw0hKh6JVg+/NSuQbSjPIGf8Af/Zr7v39E6VNPOeFO5Zz2QjNEmljdbtp642jUk9TFpccXGjRA0EFwAglSl4JHOMdu3pxVda7mEQJbJsS7g84k7X3Mjop24JA+vOceVWNpWv8IYjLAA6fIHIIOf70PRqCxBk3sQvE5Y9gDTLtrsUpDUmMvmJJVtJSeQQscKB5747UYaWXc27aiLcoi2HY+EjODkfUcUISkxJb6ETZS4shs7GpbZwtpwDsT5pIIJB4JrevUc2zrRHvYLrauG5TQJbd/wDU+1G1OnZ1IHP72jFGpFm1XOCPQw/K1HzpNa9v8q4Xhxp5a0xGHXG2ms4Cdpxn6nHemhAl74rbqw4lJ5Tv/a254z9qRmp5Icu86OkOOOIfWhWU4BOT5n8xWfokHiMD2k6skKBCT4U3lq3X16HLSp6BdG+g4hZ4SvBCFZP1wfrRl8OJQiaJ1Xplbv623uLLbSjkhs4SSD6bgP40l2mpSm22kNPLc4KChWSD5Yx5017i3dEtNalgtCKuZbksXSO4gpU6sftL2ntwEnPsa0L2U17Sec8RWkNuyBkQI+J7xZZhNOIUEqUXNxHCgOOPvQGpAeUpbSwkKzweOaZsuyt6319EsD1zdbgxIPVUttvxJGQopSFcHJUOTx503tLaY0RplpDVusHWdSlPUfkLSp1RHnnB9zxjFGpDbBnv/f4kWcMcRM6Ttl2d0YWrbAmPvFlxY6TSj4iDg5+3Fa12/wCJKtLtvrh6obkNFLBQUO5cQCSlYHsMpJ9AmvT8XVNsgwOjFt4Y2kJSFrAQM8fnVddrnJmZK3MeYSngU4fEcAEYwMQAwpM8dTZ10alONTVyESEK2uJeThaT6EEZBqV6ncgaOkOKfuumbRcZKzlUh+H1FqHYAqHfHapVfdXMvvXzi30t+kkhiXAsz8dlp0BUg4CuCCn9o4789gar9GXkRdTGzz1JUxsK2spwonPIJ+/b61LAizlL671dZUdnanYwySjq9+MDnj+tDFwukaJLK48JhxTC0bXCjatBIJBBP0/nWTp0d32IeSI2SqkMwyMxnXOwOP3iVIivRHIklCMsrUUrQtIxuB5B4xWmLY3kqWHIIcZHhDSzk49c+RJ8/THpQZadTPTnVNSJEhnKTsLRSSD5cEcitce5XmU4MznG0k/5UnP500a9TV8B7eciw6Z2J5H8Rox0/LQd9xcdajNEJCGlYVt9zjPH1GfagLVtmu/4xJfsluF0hiVuK5bSdvRU2hYUXFAdiVgknyFE+mrZdVutvqltLCCCBOa6uPXA4waJ7hf5kaIuFLhwH2VYCn2VqSoJHdOw5xkefIpT3a9bRhOvft6dYRrdOyYBPHn19YmlWEMzV3AznmY2/c2xBCXOnjnBdPh/P70RM/ECTZmflreljqE8uyE/MPOe2FjH2CM1cybq9PaHTuTUZDCtoIQlLiASCEqUME9uM471dWNNgtyC7BtMJuS7lTkhWQtajyTkpP8AI0e6pq8bVLH6D0laSp4yFEBfhlOvV7+Ll4v92jPoXIir3uKjqbRuy2AACMDgDimmFLMp9SduMpHOfQ/3qlhPsr1ahwJkIUthYJMgraIGOMfsg/zq6YUlKnVE8KVwQMjtTOmsazZkY5P0H9wN6BGIBzPu9xJz00n/ALv/AJWtr8WuM38PtjMbqcF2VLdCI7QPtnc4r2HFbHFNqQrCx27ZoXYmOfPuFaQWQQAdhJzitEjIPaLERlp0BvQlStUAKIG7ptJ2k+ZHiqUCCe3+/t9uRUofM9tMWNvtMyRhTEfbn/Os4J/jya23zS7ESCudJS4+pbjYfGSgFIyAMjkc+dHseCGyC40Wx+8ggpP27Vz6x6f6MSUJcStJ2DaeCTvHlXOU2kWjHE0GXKxRx0pYU6tKUtBKFKSE5PfgZJ5PerbSD0llZTOS075IdKiCn3x50bztJaZc3NbZsYq4IS56H3FU9u0rElxp8hF5+TaizHIyFOJyFBOADwe5JxgD6U/XrAfiz6wDUNiXUSWiQ0U/PsuFKeUBagR77cfzOfrWTL6txQk+IIJH2HlVNoTTLa3pF4kxkzyzIWw20uUpnYU8EkbDnOeASMeYqwkh+JqFEURPl2ZCV9PL4c24QDjI796fq9oVsfCPXzgW07AbpXLX0bWqP0g4+pO57qDKCT3Ch51Z/Dty1hC4ED5K3vhILqXG+umSfVOSCkjzAV9BWm9WW5QWlFxDbwwdymHNx+pB5oHlR1bEOxHylSSSlSTg1naqxbm3I006aFCeZjLvL8pjUNuidOL0JKihwxs4JOcEhXKTkDsTW+0qlSA9IdeDeHC2hLYOQE8Ek58+/FBdj1ahq5sr1LGW4ttBDUlPZKuwUofx5Hr2q3jSmo0+TIYfSuNOdC29rmQleMYH14+9U8Sxasq3xD7d/wARdkG/BEvL7ehaIJkTJL3QUtLR2p3EFRwOO9UUuHAt8tKF6jnRpkleUBcwhThzjhJ49u1D/wARb0h+Am1odK5CX23inGQnac4J9e3FDNoXJuWrID857qPvTWt61H/nHHsPaipqHsUCz8j7GR4W3JWH91vM6yyzBkXGS6sDOXWmyr/x9qlcvxHhtfpbKQ45yjCc578Z/rUp5qipwD9YtvzyftGE2MI3IJQcE5ScUP6tV8xbNqwBmSyglPBwVgGpUrn6fmLHG6GYS0yIm7oz5W1JOErUFj/cDVZogCTcZDrg/WdVTqCCQG1HuUjsCfXGftUqUSo7lbMk8MMTu0xKeZk3htCvCm4rIz7gZr5dpTr2oYKXCCEoeUDjnPTNSpRKvnL+9p5/lzW5Nf8AlisKAOM8VQG3REWlbjLZZUjKgUE8+fnmpUpQkjpCLwcwcefWtGFYI+lc7QLMlpTS1oIVuG09iOxxUqU0nSHs/wAZm6ygpUTkk8k55JqaXSFavtSewEts/wC6pUqmnJLcylgwhlt8WZDx1tK/WK4Qj8qlSpT97N4jc94nWBtE/9n/2P/gABBKRklGAAEBAAABAAEAAP/bAEMABQMEBAQDBQQEBAUFBQYHDAgHBwcHDwsLCQwRDxISEQ8RERMWHBcTFBoVEREYIRgaHR0fHx8TFyIkIh4kHB4fHv/bAEMBBQUFBwYHDggIDh4UERQeHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHv/AABEIAFQAZAMBIgACEQEDEQH/xAAfAAABBQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EAACAQMDAgQDBQUEBAAAAX0BAgMABBEFEiExQQYTUWEHInEUMoGRoQgjQrHBFVLR8CQzYnKCCQoWFxgZGiUmJygpKjQ1Njc4OTpDREVGR0hJSlNUVVZXWFlaY2RlZmdoaWpzdHV2d3h5eoOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4eLj5OXm5+jp6vHy8/T19vf4+fr/xAAfAQADAQEBAQEBAQEBAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EQACAQIEBAMEBwUEBAABAncAAQIDEQQFITEGEkFRB2FxEyIygQgUQpGhscEJIzNS8BVictEKFiQ04SXxFxgZGiYnKCkqNTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqCg4SFhoeIiYqSk5SVlpeYmZqio6Slpqeoqaqys7S1tre4ubrCw8TFxsfIycrS09TV1tfY2dri4+Tl5ufo6ery8/T19vf4+fr/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/APL9UjfHmGJ0U9GKEA16L4V0e/ks7XVJrULaSRb/AJ3Ukgjg4+uDXG6x4i1C90OPSJlh+zxBAu1MN8o45zXr+ibR8P8ATtuD/oMWcfRa5pTahLlKhFOWpyvxUvdR03RbK40y/uLOTfJuaFypb5RjP0NepaBb/wBpeFdNNxcXAkmtIXeWOUpIW2Ak7h3Jrj9T0XTvEFrFa6j5pjQkjY+05Iwea7LR5I7Kwt7OIt5UEaxJk5OFGB+gryK0lypLc7qafM30OE8U+I9V0nx9f6Ys32nTrPSpLlYJACzskAfl8buT1rc8EFdW8H22sy20NvLdlpnjinEyKxccBxwRxT9Y8O6Rea7cazPHNJcXNu1tKpk+QoybCMfT3rS0WzW28LyadpuIigdYGf59rcEE56806coXVlroDUle56TpkNxHMZILjYvYbsDtWlrD5tUMnzsq5LEZ6GvENA8RePLPWLtNTsJNXt4coEsrJYgW+Uh93pjPGO/tXSz+OdahDA+EdTIA4JRiB9OK9aOIhGO5yyg27jvEUcUuuwYDBvsk+Q2c/ejrwS2hX/hZt4M8Lf7yPXbGG/pXtVhrMmvC11S5jgs3a1k2W28mQhnXLEED5fl4PfNeD66rSeJNf2hT/pBzu/65iuvK2p15W7HPjHaC9T1P4h6ksfh/T7SIuJDIkzbE+QDYRgE8E9eOwxXE6bqZ8mRWdcGZs5+reoxWMu3+y7ZlCgxjyz9PvL/M/lVKyuCI2IbH71+59T6V9NhY+wo+zbuePVkqlTmOskhViGKA5GaKu+WfLj/3F/lRXx0qkbvU9LU81uNpyMjNezeH2jX4c2Tlgq/Y0LE8DjHevCZp5eot2H+84H+Nd742vryz+BlnLbAqYZoo58MTlck5z6ZK1jCblCSsdiVmmdTp3irQzc/ZhqcAfdtyxwpb0yeM11EV4QB6V8v+EDc3d/by3dqslpcF4ycZy2CMn8emete2eGpXTTtMiheeGBIiHRuS7Z7k8469K469CUEmzrje12drcXhKnJq74cvFktJdpPy3DIfrhf8AGuZlnyOtXbHVLPTdHlu764jtoEkJZ2PsPzPtWEFZlPY5nxL4x8TWmp3r6bf2ttHHdFPLCgsQvy/NnPpmvR/DusSa74Ts767iCPdwHzFHAOSVJHoCOfxr561XXNL1rV76/iklFv8AaHaVpLbJjj/vZA7Lz69q9qstV0e28MpqemTmfS47ZREYiWBjTgYBxz69OldtSKjFKxm7bpljQbG0W1sdSCN9qjsvsytu48vduxj6jrXi2ozIviDXy4GTO2CfTy+a9AtfiLoNjp9pZSx3fmtiIEoqrnPXJPvXlGv6po8eq6rNNrlhEs05MYWTzWZcAE7UyfWvTyi9Obc9NDz8a+aK5e5r2kqmwmhZvm8tZAN2B8vX9CayLaULAdzAHzJD1P8AePam6de6dq3lXFtdTNbQXA3uYSgYAcjBOcYakjgmgtbk3CMvledlmBCg5baxwOVzg8dRX1CmpK8djyeV6J7npVwLSFljF+0JCjKB8hTj3Bx9KK8i/wCEj1y4+eDxnDbAfK0UMYiRWHorYPvzRXyEsKr6pX+f+Z6/N/X9IstFNJ8q7nOeiJmuk8LHVdW8PajpHiS/aDSZJHtra0EQQyAEEsz4JHOMdOnpxWdpephLC7hOhPqE0inbPJkeSu3BIH15zjtWjpLv/ZEFs4AHl8gcgg5/xrPBxTk0x15NR0KtvoAihl0vQrpIrm2fm0uW2kqeQQ44YHnrjpXYeFn1OPTUtdStHglt8KM4OR9RxXIXS2l3OiXt09rcRnZFdxnDxSAdCe6kEEg8E1O/iO90d0t9bBljbiO6iBMcv/xJ9q2xOHlOLS1/rodFDEqpyxm7Nfczvy7HvXjXj3X7rUNYkimd1tIJZI4os4C7TjP1OOteoWF3vtY5XEiqeV3/AHtueM/hXhnie5Emr31uokkkSd0bK4BOT3P8xXn4KC9pJPoPFtqKR0nwp1mLTtdms7tWmsNUj8iRHPCvghGyfrg/Wuy+HF0LTwT4r8MvL+90+RzHExyRGcKSD6bgPzrxeKK6aOOJIpnk4KFGyQe2Md69X1GPVFii8S2MQtXvNOWDVLeRCrSuPvPtPTgKc+xr0K8ounyt630OWipc10ro4j4nzGGGyikRgrMZNxHDAccfjXBsgmZnicKGzweOa9Nu9Fj8b+PrTQJtTljsbSx81njj+ZRkMVUNwclhyeO9eveFvDHgjwzEkWnaB50qqvmT3Dq0rEd84PueMYraipciv1/4P6CqaSdjxnwnpmrS+DDFptheTzGGRx5UTH5iDg5/Dio30/4kt4Xjnez8UR3ERWAoUlzIgJKuB7DKk+gWvp+18U6ZY2Hk2uniDaQqh3AQZ4/nWdq2p3N5kvJjuFXgV2P2k0k1aysYK0Wz46vb7VIrqSK9e4S4RtsizLh1PoQRkGivqeSw8HXEjT6r4Z0jUblzlriez8x2HQAsOuOlFT9Vmy+ePc838Lf8JJcQXdho09vDFKA1wcBuCCv3jjrz0BrP8GayLXxMdHv2VoNheLK4YnPIJ/Hp9aNATRys761qt1bw7V2QQkp5vXjA54/rXMahqltaXZe3soJGgdNshTa6EgkEE/T9a8nDwnOfJB6tHW3GLUpK6uenanoEk+sXVxazWklpcomYXYq6OoxuB5B4xUNrocys4ksRJCPlETnJx657Env6Y9K4zSfE019K0VxcXEOVOwxFSQe3BHIqO31LWbqQZvpI1J/hU5/nXU6eJpe4+ncVR4acm9V6HqNuv2ax36jJLFbREKEibDbfc4zx9Rn2rgvFujav/bFzPomnDVLMXW4vdxLt8lo0cMZGA6EuCSewrp/DWmaq8sc7XcThCCBfRebj1wOMGun1DX7y2tHsruzsJ4WwGnhdlYKOq7DnGR35Fcn1avGqrQ369Pu3NJVcPKFk3p33+88abQRDevqBvpobbfujgsQsnl45wZT8v8/xroofiBc6ND9m09YPMJ5luF+0TSe2HGPwCZrZudVmv4h5epRWyQNtBCKsiAkEKzDBPTjOOtbWhroGnIZbHSbKO5ly0lw2Q7seSclT+hretSlTtyxcn+C+4mi4vS6ijhfhlfa1rfxc1jX9Wtp0e4tX3yNbtGm7MYAAIwOAOK9TDObqdl24yo5z6H/GsWynhfxakgW4RngcEm4LxEDHGPug/rW1Ayq0rE8M3BAyOldOGqSqcl1bV/gv+CY14KEmk7i75FOfLU/8C/8ArVHF/a2o3v8AZ+mQ23mcGW6u5QlvED7Z3SN7DipJGjZGw46dM1y8F5J9vkLqDCCADsJOcV6LV0+hzNHpa+AN6KzeKAGIG7y4l2k9yPmorhBfx/39vtyKKz1DlZ5jp+k3lxhoLfbn+Nzgn8+TUuueF4LSxe+uVknZ5IxOMlAVGQBkcjnvXe29iIyDJEYx/eQgqfw6VX8Y+X/wjFyiyK6nYNp4JO8dq+co1WqqtoehKN4nkduqwNK6qsQVGZQuT14GSeT1rW8ITXMLlb5YpeySliCvvjvXb33hLwzJui23tsW4IWT0PuKx9O8K2l3bX9wms/Y4rW8ktkaRchguADwepJxgD6V308Yn71/vMJUJWNq0u0uIiv2+GQqvKB2BHvtx+pz9adDO24op+YISPwHasbwJ4Zjea41i5tlvzDcPBHE900OwrwSRsOc54BIx3FaFyJ7TxClqLT7PDcK/l5nEm3CA4yOvWu+lmFOT9k9+5jLDyS5jOd/J0trfyhJOy7pvMGUJPUMO9afw7k0sI9hYfYtPnCgyrJH563J9VyQVI7gN9BUOtaLqVjExkSOYYO5oJNx+pB5rh7q3bYktpOVZSSrKcGvOxVSNaXNCR6dGhFQ7s9L1me6g8Q6daeXa+RcsUkNtnBJzgkNypyB0JqfSWurgTXEswjxIY0WMHIC8Ek579eK4vQ/FqRanC/iW2eR40IiuV6K3QMw/PkevSte2uora/ubiCdXtr6UPHtkyFfGMD68fjUe0qRpXjL3l+XX9DnlBc9mjc13WhpFibi8uZvIZ1iO1dxBY4HHWsK7s7DT7tUfxHfW15cvlA94Q0hzjhTx7dK5/4i60k9gulpKXuFnjmK4yF2nOCfXpxXM6Q9zqXiywnvpvMnmvYt7sf9scew9q1hiJ1IpVP1X5MXsuW7id/qus32i3ZsbjUbmVwM5lijLf+g+1FVfiPZxf8JbdJJJymFznrxn+tFd0qTi7J/ic3PfV/kehRjCbkJQ4JypxXP8Ai1vtGmbXAGbmFCV4OC4Boor5+j/EidktmMu1uLTd5N/dbVJwrsHH/jwNZnggC51G4lkH7zzWlQgkCNj1KjoCfXGfwoorSk+aMrjeklYveGLqaG51iNG+VdRcjPuBmk1a6lm8Q2KyEEKkzA45z5ZoorSl/Gj/AF0Cf8MjkvZ/sxcMAcZ4rAOnWiaS8kMZhZMsChPPfvmiiuRtrY0jo7nOTTu6YbBH0qvEDDcxNE7oQ24bT0I6HFFFdUNjep8I+WFCrE5JPJOeSaPC6hvF+lL0Au4z/wCPUUVGHbctSKitBmt8WbiY+Nrr943CJ/Kiiiu+vKXtJa9TjppcqP/Z

[fig2]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig3]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig4]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig5]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig6]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig7]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig8]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
