---
layout: post
title: "Argo Floats"
date: 2013-10-03 19:05:13 +0000
---
#### 8S and I9N Cruise Overview


![][fig0]
The
2007 "I8S" and "I9N" cruises on R/V Roger Revelle were part of a systematic
and global re-occupation of select WOCE/JGOFS hydrographic sections to
quantify changes in storage and transport of heat, fresh water, carbon dioxide
(CO2), and related parameters.

Scientific objectives for the cruises included providing data for model
calibration and validation, carbon system studies, heat and freshwater storage
and flux studies, deep and shallow water mass and ventilation studies, and
calibration of autonomous sensors (such as Argo).

The surface-to-bottom station sampling included a host of carbon-related
parameters, as well as temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, nutrients,
velocity, chlorofluorocarbons, helium, tritium, trace metals and several types
of biological samples.

Both the I8S and I9N transects were last occupied during 1994-1995 by R/V
Knorr as part of the WOCE Hydrographic Program.

#### ARGO Float Deployments Overview


![][fig1]
A
total of 28 Argo floats were deployed by the University of Washington (UW)
over the course of the two cruises. Dr. Annie Wong deployed 14 on the I8S leg
and Dr. Sabine Mecking deployed another 14 on the I9N leg. There are photos of
floats being deployed from both cruises on this page.

#### The Ice Float Cometh

The float with WMO# 4900479 was deployed amid Antarctic icebergs and albatross
by the R/V Roger Revelle on 26 February 2007, near the West Ice Shelf in the
South Indian sector of the Southern Ocean. The ship sailed as close to the
austral summer ice edge as weather and ice conditions permitted and
successfully completed an Antarctic shelf-slope-basin CTD transect before it
left the sea ice zone for the deeper ocean. "Ice float" 4900479 was deployed
in deep water (&gt; 3000m). The ship's caption and bridge staff are to be
commended for their navigational expertise in bringing the ship to this remote
and beautiful corner of the world.

Float 4900479 forms part of a group of UW floats deployed at high southern
latitudes as part of the International Polar Year. The floats are APEX floats
that have undergone extensive software modifications at UW. These ice floats
are programmed to check for the presence of sea ice above and to store profile
data internally when ice is detected.

An ice float determines that it is under sea ice by calculating the median
water temperature at depths between 50m and 30m as it ascends through the
mixed layer. If this median temperature is below 1.78°C, the float assumes
that it is under sea ice. This assumption is based on the observation that the
mixed layer under sea ice has a temperature roughly equal to the freezing
point of sea water at zero pressure, which is about 1.8°C.

Usually an ice float will stop at a distance 5-7 m below the sea ice before
sinking back to its parking depth (1000m). When ice is present, the float will
not come to the sea surface for satellite transmission. Data are stored on
board the float until the float determines (from the mixed layer temperature)
that the sea surface is free of ice.

All UW ice floats use lithium batteries and can store up to 68 2000-m
profiles, and all transmit data via the Iridium satellite system, which has a
high bandwidth and thus a high transfer speed. Using Iridium is a must for ice
floats because of the requirement to transfer many months of stored winter
data.

Float 4900479 was last heard from in July 2007, in the middle of austral
winter. The University of Washington scientists who deployed the float believe
that it is presently submerged below winter sea ice and look forward to its
resurfacing in the austral spring and the transmission of a large suite of
winter profiles.



[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig1]: data:image/png;base64,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
