---
layout: post
title: "S4P: 18 MAR 2011 (REPORT)"
date: 2013-10-02 20:49:28 +0000
---
On our first Thursday, March 17th (see below for explanation) we finished our
planned line of stations 525 nautical miles straight south from 67°S (roughly
the Antarctic Circle) to the Antarctic continental shelf, stopping every 30
miles to make measurements. This completes for the first time the southern end
of a long transect of oceanographic measurements extending from Kodiak Island,
Alaska, to Antarctica, known to oceanographers as "line P16". This also
completes a key portion of our intended work on this cruise, though there is a
great deal more work to do. Data quality remains excellent, and all systems
are working well, except that one of the two lowered Acoustic Doppler Current
meters (LADCP) is out of service, limiting LADCP profiles now to downward-
looking only.

See the attached figure, and its caption below, from Alex for a discussion of
some of the scientific findings apparent when comparing the 2011 data with
those from earlier years.

We have all enjoyed the good weather. The last group of 5 closely-spaced
stations were carried out in highly varied and increasingly more impressive
ice ranging from the smallest newly-formed frazil ice that "greases" the sea
surface, to new "pancake ice" of various sizes (very easy going), to first
(easy) and multi-year (try to avoid) sea ice, to impressively thick pieces of
broken off ice shelf (impossible), to mighty icebergs (likewise). The Palmer's
mates and our expert ice pilot Vladimir Repin enjoy the challenge of guiding
the ship through the maze of ice day and night. The Nathaniel B. Palmer's
large bridge has great all-around views and is The Place To Be when one has a
bit of time off, though the weather has been so good that some have bundled up
and to watch icebreaking from the bow or other points outdoors on the ship.
The ice and icebergs provide many photo opportunities and we frequently come
across penguins and basking seals.

We are at the edge of the footprints of both of the geosynchronous INMARSAT
satellites (one over the Atlantic equator and the other over the Pacific
equator) that provide our primary email communications, so email may continue
to be a bit sporadic until we head back north to the S04P line at 67°S.
Although we did our date line crossing some time ago we saved our day/date
change to celebrate St. Patrick's Day (Thursday, March 17th) twice on the
ship.

Our cruise is now approximately at its half-way point. We are steaming toward
the sites where we will recover two strings of moored instruments co-chief
scientist Alex Orsi deployed February 2010. We will then resume our CTD work
with our third crossing of the Antarctic continental slope. Weather has been
good to outstanding most of the past week, and during our few days in the ice
all hands enjoyed the wildlife and highly-varied ice. New ice is forming
around us, with grease ice consolidating in sheets and pancakes. Meanwhile we
motor around magnificent icebergs and slab-like chunks of shelf edge ice.

We continue to enjoy working with our team at sea. This may be a very long
cruise but with this team it is a productive and happy one. The entire ship's
company continues to work with expertise, efficiency, and good cheer. All is
well aboard the Nathaniel B. Palmer.

We have included Nancy Williams' photo of an iceberg at sunset (See above
left) and Wilson Mendoza's photo of a group of Adelie penguins (See above
right).

Jim and Alex


