---
layout: post
title: "Trace Metals"
date: 2013-09-25 23:38:30 +0000
---
There is no dust over the Southern Ocean. Not enough for plants, at least.
Most dust particles are soils dragged from the continents by winds. Antarctica
is a desert, but the dirt there is locked under ice, and the winds that blow
around Antarctica bring no dust to the surrounding oceans.


![][fig0]
This
poses a problem for phytoplankton; dust carries iron, a nutrient plants need
to grow. In most oceans, plant productivity is limited by shortages in nitrate
and phosphate, nutrients they use in abundance. In the surface waters of the
Southern Ocean, however, scientists find an excess of nitrate and phosphate,
which leads them to realize that productivity in the Southern Ocean is limited
by the scarcity of iron.


![][fig1]
It
was different during the last ice age, when there was less CO2 in the
atmosphere than now. One major difference between land and sea plants is that
the latter can be buried in the ocean floor after death, removing CO2 semi-
permanently from the atmosphere. Scientists believe that lower CO2 levels
during past ice ages may be partly explained by more productivity in the
oceans. Plant growth in the Southern Ocean is now iron-limited, so they reason
that it must once have contained more iron. In the prevailing theory, colder
and stronger ice age winds enabled dust from the continents to reach the
outermost parts of the oceans. Plants thrived, taking more carbon into the
ocean sediment when they died.


![][fig2]
Climate
change modelers make projections of atmospheric carbon amounts based on
evidence from the past; according to Chris Measures, oceanography professor at
the University of Hawaii, models that take the oceans into account "must
include iron if they are to be at all realistic." Last year, Measures spent
100 days at sea testing water for signals of aluminum and iron. In
collaboration with Bill Landing of the University of Florida, he travels the
oceans in search of trace metals derived from dust. As trace metal
oceanographers, Measures and Landing have partnered with CLIVAR (climate
variability)/CO2, a global project that seeks to understand why climate
varies. CLIVAR/CO2's oceanography project consists of research cruises that
monitor changes to the basic properties of seawater. Trace metals are beyond
the scope of "basic properties," but Measures and Landing have received
permission and funding to tag onto these cruises, which allows them to acquire
data at the highest density yet.


![][fig3]
On
CLIVAR/CO2 cruise I8S, we see a surge in the fluorescence signal just off
Antarctica, indicating more productivity. But why, in these iron-limited
waters, is the productivity higher? Where is the iron from? Measures finds it
unlikely that a mighty wind has deposited dust this far south. Instead, he
posits that the iron is washing off the underwater continental shelf of
Antarctica. As he suspects, a data map shows that there is more dissolved iron
near the coast, and that levels of iron and productivity plummet as we enter
the open ocean. With each sample of disintegrated dust, theories are
constrained further until we are left with the truth.



[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAUDBAQEAwUEBAQFBQUGBwwIBwcHBw8LCwkMEQ8SEhEPERETFhwXExQaFRERGCEYGh0dHx8fExciJCIeJBweHx7/2wBDAQUFBQcGBw4ICA4eFBEUHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh7/wAARCACMAPoDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHAAAAgIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAABAUDBgECBwAI/8QAQRAAAgEDAwIDBQYCCAYCAwAAAQIDAAQRBRIhBjETQVEHImFxgRQjMkKRwaGxFTM0UmLR4fEkU3KCwvCiskNUkv/EABoBAAIDAQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIDAAEEBQb/xAArEQACAgEEAQMDBAMBAAAAAAAAAQIRAwQSITFBBSJREzJCFCNhcRbB8fD/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/APjRvxH515fxV5/xn51hfxVCj3nTvpLH25wfSkh7036Y/tb89lo8f3FT6Ov9F3CiZ+3CAZqzPeAD8Q/WqH0dOTJKCQMKBzT+e4G4AYxT5diI9DsXcZAO45HeoZbokE9/Kkr3GOM4wDUTXpUEEg+nwqUUxubrhQWAIrUz+m0DzpKbkswZcZ781PYLqF8/2e1R5cLl8ABUHqzHgD4mjinJ0lyBKkrYc8uRnvx69qJ0UwNqMT3AJijO9wMHIHlzxycUlLIHEK6rpUshJG2O9QkY755wKF124msbHw3iJNw2xcMCr45xkZBFMyYpwg5NA48kZSSTL7rnXt7cawEe6SW2hcBCp3qMDsvlgY48qjt+t5oNSS5klM2x8wwMTg/4mqj6h09cxaQb+1lYXIUEqIyVc4yVU9sgfDHlnNKdAEt5ce+7ufPDEfQ1w5NzdpnaWCUEk12dLuOqNRu7udY7l3e6uRc3MkTH3nU5Ub8AnB5447Uyn6ga6hls9QR2DhQZy5BJJABI9ckcj41XtItFiKkuEI4AI7UL1bLFBZ7UlIdTuLMc5PlzS1qJKSQ+WiqFsaT/APDztEeGU/Q1lJjt/FnNYW/tdZ6ehv4pE+0QKiSpjG4HPOfMg+XoRQisdwx512sc90UzhzhtbQ7sJeOeD6Vnq+6KdKXgXhpQsQ/7nUUFZvjGT51F1VMTYWduD/W30Qx8iW/aib4FJcmym21jq7TvFsoZIrbR76RoruPchYusSllz7wyCQOx8/MUrh656huAdN1n+jbqUSiC31GS1WO6hyDgeJHtLRjgbSCApxwBVoXQ7yBLnq6e7svsd7Aml2sQuAZ96OZJCU8hjGPPjOMYrkXVmoLBPe7It0gSQo+fwErtJx64OB6Z+VNVRgpXyXFve0uhRrer6zPcWVpdhfDhjKwKqtsZN34wxOWHu8HOOOKM0m3kv3MMxIwu5mjUtxkDOB5c81d+vbCC00Ppoqii50/TreIHH+AMR+pNDav1vP1DbSQXek6Pb6i0LD7baRG1ab1EqRkIxIzj3Qc470vJjSmrfwMxyTjwHSXdr090wOm3MrzC4luXlaPYGaQ52lckgjG36VQ7t/eds0p1PWb+5u/DvZgGRQFUAtjnkE/D1o2Q+JCQvvM2AAB3z2pWbK5uq4QeOG1X8h3s9BHXcV3jP9H2MtwMDP3hUqn/ydaM6ojVNREandsGMnzx/7n60b0tYx9OaheXt/dQSG5jX3IVZjDtbhW4xknaeMj3aU6tcC4vXkVsgng0cvZip9sCNynYvvm2w/PipemL61tvtBnmWI8MST3A/1oPUnG3GaTSRvcBbZPxXEyQr9T/tWXsc+hxql7qCTyXsljcpHN76u0RUFT2Occ1etL6/9mUOmWsN30U8twkKLLIVJ3OFAJzu5yc0L7RJN0R06Afc26rG5HqABtH0xn54qgi24/0pmTGoOkLj+4rZVn4Y1he9Zk/GawO9JNBg96Z6C+25ceq0so/RiftTH4UUOwZdHQel5Ngk94A4HGO9N2mYttbORSHpld7SeH3CjNPljIJL8t606TVikuCKSZ0OQwGAe9DS3LFioBPbvTCw0ibVbwxwtFEvYvKSFH7k1YrPROlNELXOsXzatIuD4FuMRj5jOT9SPka16fR5My3LhfLMufU48XD5fwgLozQItZWa8u9Ut7S1gOZI0YNM4HoOwHxP8aZe0zqO1HSjaDoNp4OnCSIXKW458Pd77Me5OByT60p616msdTt4ho+m29i0A2RzKm2Tb/dwuBt+BzVM0rWpo78yo2JR+UngsPyn4EZH1rorLi00fpQ5b7l/057WTUS3y4S6X/Dts3W/TfR3S8NvpdgkEbpiOG0AVjn82SDk/E5qr9OaDJrvTcnUWvDfK9+620u1Q8qKp3ZK8EAkD1zkeVcyu7pL4QNJu8BJl93P4U3Dj9K7h1Br73lrDAY4ra2tIhBbW8QCxwxqMAKB2Fc/1f1WUo/TiuK4o6fo3pUHN5ZPmxfaW1rdXtu0wLJBlY1Y4QrjnIHc/H5USmlaXazPcwRqGkycUk0vVUKvEz4BPfNbXGqOkzLFGZCBjjtXltsr4PXqcX34PXt9aIJAbyGN1zw7YNVTVnnuSqB0mSQgLhsis67YNqV8jPF4Tvx7vJNTafp0Fg+dg8UYIz5Vrw4Ytox6jUTjF8cDSyX7PALcEKvGQO3FT7sBcGg9xORuGM8mtQ+3b7xyPKuokkqRwZNydsd2r7QM1Dq8gk1fSISchZZJSPkmB/OobaX8OTkioJpg3UsBzxDas5+GW/0oWykuSHT2E765fjIZdXyhHmIogmP/AJGqPrAN5qDW68m4njhA9dzj/KrdoM2zoozsfeuZZJifXc2f8qg9lNz0yntAtx1RpF3qsciyGyjgn8Pw7lQGjkc5GVHvcepBwcYp8l7I/wAgRbtsee1y4Vb426nAQbVHwGBXMbuM3LRWq8meWOEf9zj/ACqzdYar/S919uKlPF52E52HzFKOloRddb6Bbldy/bllYfBBu/ahzy35OA8a2Yyze1a0sz1M9xAiKyDweABlVGBWuj3HTN5FDDJYvol/bxDZeWqfaIJCo4eSKRgytnHKNgn8gobrqczak5JByST9arE/iSWNzDCQJJdkYYnAVS2SxPkBtqZ3+66LxL9tB2r9Ry+PcQXBkb7oQp9zt2Ec/oSSfrS3TLlp43fy3HFWHrPRLG46e069gklaeaBJHZnJDZHfHkTwfnVZsh9nPglSqge6aVni4tWFikpK0Z1Fzlq36TjWTqvSt67kt2e7ceoQEj/6j9a0vLO+YRkWk4Ey74yYyA65IyCe4yDyOOKs9rZQ6RbrMlvB9oISJ5mbLsOCwUZ4XighHnkufVE3VBKbIXOX7ufVzyx/Umq6UOew/Si9Zv2lvSsrbmz3xjOaGyPUVeSW6VlwjSooT/irWtm75rApTGGKN0f+1j5UEaN0fm8X5VI9kfRfekW2yTj4VYFXeSSwSJRl5G/Cv/vpVc6YYLJPnPC84oTUtX1RH/4iE+AW9xU5Uf61phFN+7ozTm4ql2WHWNVWWL7DYKYrdeGk/PJ8/QZ8v1pdBeIsjQ42hx3zyfnS43atFvjHl5+VL4pJHlaXPCmtUsz4oxxxXdjKW6xKUzx51V7u5ePUZJojxu5Ge9NbuX8T58s0PcfZTo0COoNz4rmQKmNqkDByO+cefb60ibs1YYJBNjexTZyoPiLiSMnBP+JT610az1NdQ0lHMn3qqEcHvuHeuWNFG1uh7YHB8xXrG+vrWY+DcNwpII78dqz58f1YpPwaNNm+hNtHQNTnSwiWRHLFTlwfjRdlq5a38W2mWTgELXM9Svr28XFxM5UjLKDxQlnfXlmFEMpjDHAU9h8azfpnXJt/WJytI6RZ6tJe9QLaT6mliQQWlXO5R6U+u4Lq1maK8H3uAc44I8iPIg+tcfnuHbVppfE3HIGQc9hXSun+ov6T0WDS7xi1xCn/AA0jHkc/g+R/niujpsGJwqqkvP8Ao52q1Wbf37X4DfE5Pyx2rO4MwPnmhGkJzkHvUkcqliScfSltkSGcT7cUpv7oxPrd2DzFZhF+e0n+ZFER3Az3x6UlvX8e0v0zn7VfQwD5blB/gDQNlpDK9P2Lpq2s8/gjA/Tj9qSdCBpesYmUkGK2lcH0JBGf0NF9S3e62Ueoz+vP71B7OeNT1W6PaK2EYPxJA/Y1pv3RQv8AGTMdRmNb+RYwApYnHpVm9mnRWqzWR9oRmsV0qxaa02tOBMZSncJjhRvHcgnyFUvV5d91I2fM0b0KS0fUcryMI/BjgChjgsT3x6+7QJ3lsKSrGSdSvu1GTnODiq3fDxZ7e35++mAPyH+9M7uR2kJdst5n1p97Kunumeo+o7xeouoH0trCzFxZwogJupd+WUk+QUZIHJ8u1KlLdJsOtsTfqyVohFZhVAjjHl2BJIH0FVh2QfjQMBzg076mvYr6/e5hbKScgkY/h5VX7ogLxV5pbpcExRqI10bqjU7RItLmni1HR1bLWV/CJ4olGSSik5Q9+UZeag6jvNOumgu9G0uO2t52eYwLdyuEbgFsuScH+7k4OarwODO+c4hcD5lSKtlrp9vB0XHHLAguBlWJUEg4Bx/Gqxx3cMkntZTzfTXd4u9gxBAyBjgdqbiU4pZ9ja33NFGpYnIGcZrf7co4McgPn7ppYdFbbyrwrxrFAGeovSji6HOKEPeiNPOLpatdlPovHTM8UcsplkVcgYDHvQqpbW0s0OZwznOySQFQP8OO9CabdSL4yIcg4G3jkfDPeszlJI2wmQvO3kbfp5fTitcUkr8mLI23Xgh8RUnI3ZjY4yfI/GoJ7s24kjEbE85x5VHeTQtHkCRXHBLc5+f+dQveKbZhLCryAYDdvrQuQUYm1xck2ynzJxxUkDtdyKMAKvJyaVK5dlB5A8qPUSiEiNwhPcHzqJ2O2UqCbhlLiJT8OKmigEaFuN2K0so4YIvHmkV28gDUF1fGbJiUkFsHFXx5E7X0jecIE2g5JpbMjyzMFxhVLEk47UTLJsQlm944zQ/jIcqPM0Lph4007JLCM7N3rTbTLhoZVlVsMpyvzFLkbZahQcMxxUsTKhG44X+Jq4umDPk6XFIzRK2eSASQPOtkyyc5PNCaVL4mn28hBBaMHB79qNRsgc0qU+R0Y8IjkQhe9KbEh5tLQ877yW4PxCKxH8cU1vpQkLN6DNJdNfbdQN/+tpcsh+DOwA/egtsJoD1+bcVTPYAUd0SfD0HU7rt4s6rn1ABP70h1SXd7xbJHJ/SnWiN4HR0S9vElkc/Hsv7Vri/ffwJa9otunDTFj/ezTDoslenbuX/nXe4/JV4/ixpNfSFYZGHcIcfpT7RV+zdHwYPvTM7/AEztH8qXjfusKa4oXXLksx8zTD2aBT1Jqd+/4ba1cA+mSEH8AaUzuFyx7Dk/TmmnQCtHoOoTk4M0qK3/AEqCx/iw/Sqw/emTL9tEd+QLh9owCxOPTNK71vKj7xt0zH40qvn70EuW2MXQNG7B1VHCSSttQ4zz8Pjz3q6akwi0eCMfmDMPlnA/gBQPsk0LROpPaBZab1BrLaVZR20s/iqF3PIBlEBbgEnHJ9PXFNeu4bSz1WXT7G7+1Q2pESSgY3AAc8fWjg6TFvmVFZY8kYoQvyaIkOFNBE80oaVojgVisntWKAI9U1p/Xrg4qGprQgTc+hq49lMc6YsbGVGLZ45DYoqSKQj7uQuy9jjB+WfOlumsFEhzgZFMY7pQOcYpm5i9ia5FWoB0YtIjIe2Mcf7UvLMRtycd8VeunVh1PWLSwkkEUc8qo7nHur5nn4V9GaLB0Ho+kMbbS9OMMUeWUpG8j49cjLMT/OlTyVJRXbNODTOa46R8eQAKQWNErKfyo7D18q+kzpHSt8JbrU9F0wGd9729tAsaKO4BK8kj5gUb0gnQ+g6+l23RWiXtjGpdlmthIVA9N5Iz8D6V6j/H8scak5q668/18FPFKz5Zllw2FAUemc1H4jZzkn619L+3nonpvqKFtV0O60631gWq3SfZ4fChu0Jw0RAwEkXjHkRx6GvmieJ4ZWilRkdTghhgg1zdbocmka3dPyLprtG+7dC7F/fyOKjiILgtivFSPeFYU4kBXiufIqgxI55GBChF8smmNjb232mGN3HiyOFyTux8aAhKyDLRxk+pP7UfpMUb6jAu5ATICVUHt86NCG/BeoNqLsAwFXaB6cVPG+AKE3KFOMZNYDO8ZVJRG/kxXd5+n60hrkcuEY1qXFpKR32H+VeudJ1TSrKa+v8AT7i2tr21gWxlkTCXEYPLIezDPGR5096TGiT3pGr2sM0dtE9xM1zMVgZV5wUUFmJ4AUHk+lQe2j2i6V1bq1u+g6bBYW6xBJLeO38KOMDCqFGccYPIwKOME1bYMpSukjnWptkEeZ4/jT5pBH0/Yw5APhA4+JJP71XL9snA5Jb9qd6mu0xoM7UjVcfSmRfbBa6FOot9wQPNgP45/arPdjwNCsLfOCtumfmef3qqXgMk0MQ53Mf8v3q0a84LKg7KAB9Biqh02XLlor+pvttpAO7DaPrxVq0BPsvRUTedxI8mPhnA/lVQ1Rv6tf8AFuP0GauOoj7JoNhZ9jHboCPjjJq8XFsqfLSEczcsaU3jEnAPfimEzYBpVO48TPkPeP0pI0ZdFxCfqB5GAKJIo59Fy3/iKa6u4e7kbzJyaF6DTw7R5/zFXY/DJA/8TWbx90zN3yaa+IC4/cBXDYTFAl+e9E3bY4oDI9BSqGiSvV6vUBZ6t4vxitK3hOJBVog20+yeZZEjkCnuNw71ieyuYXzMDtHmvIo3QifEbjnHamwkIYefNEykILa+WxljuEJYo2eOaPu+rnniKraBWPG/dgj9Ki6kit2gXw40WUtngc4qvmCQckcfE4qlHlSCU3FUi8aD1vLAvhTq5X+9nIq2XPVEMMEV1aNFdW08bRTRse2exP8AEVx1YsAH3CDxyaMsLu5tGZFh3Iw95ccGu1p/VMsPbk5QUcrR0fpsahrus2el292qXBkMduJXO04BKp8C3AHxIqodf27SasLpdwdxskjfgoy8EY8v96uPsM8G76jnvbmOUT2AS4t1zhTyQc8c4yMVfPbaYdU9nd80Gm2UNxDcx3bzpCBLIc7CWfGTw1aNRqFqMDSQjJqKkos+bUbZwyBv5ipre2kuZWNspYopduOwAzWpgZjt8VC3w70y0u/msoXt5IY5YmUo207W5+Pmea4LsIXLckj8Dn/u4pt0yniaojthdgLYA7/CrP0h0Xp+rRQytdzojLnAQfz/AFq+L0Joen6bI1vbyvcAHE0j5IPqAMCs09XCHDGQ0k58pFG3nIz601k0PVoLZ557WaLwsEx4y5BBySByABycjzFKbhXhnMbZBQ4wasEHV2uQWCE6nDI8SlY2ZAZUB7gMRmuloYaXJf15NfFGHVyz46WKKfyLdNhvLrSdajsLeOe6e3RUZ5CoTLgnHkTxxniqEgv59SuBfCd71nCuJMmRnzjB8yavPS2pJb3j2zsVaUhy2cAhc+6fnmnFlZ9SxanBL0OszAw+Lc7UR2XwyCzbpM85PYck9qzwim6vgc26Dbn2J6xpnsmXq3qaDUdJ1Oa6xZ20iIY5YMrlpckNCQC2ByWx2HeqBqh+/KnGQSDg5FWTrn2mdVaxZydL6nKq2wdlCFWEiKWBKnJ4O7ORjPlVLjYJEqFssB59zRyqKpFRTbtkdmnja3EucBSD+/7U51WTfNnsO9LtCAOqvIR+HP7CiL5syMc0HUQu5Cxk+06rDAOclV//AKb/ACq19Ty7rraDwvH6VXunI/G6hVz+FHJz/wBIxTLWJPEunOc81a4gyu5Cy5b3aU3bYilPqNv6mmN01LJ/eMaf33/lShjLXoDCDRmPntVB8cDP7mhZ25yaIhQxWCZOBzgUDM3eik+EgYoDum570ETyeDRFw3LEVEPDAwcZ86FIITeVYr1eoAj1bwgtIMd+9aVJbf1o5xUIWDRD943P5aPuJBDEX4znAB9aA0MHLH4UxvIGntyoOGzlTRAia45Jkkccnlq2L2QkG2zuJowmCzy7GZs/iAwQBjyOawsJ8Quw3nyye3yqbYdu7Ax558qdVkIZ7bTXjZ7eee2k/wCXPGGVvhuX9wKXITFIApCE/lPIPyNHXX3S+Io3LnHFAN4cx9zKnzX96m3ySy+exPVYbbry3iupVhhuopLdjI4VQxGVyfmAPrXavaqNK0vonUhql/bQLc2bxxRCVWklcj3Qqjk845r5ZYssgDY7Z+dZDPMweQkqvanwzOMHEVLGpNN+AqzRcbtm1T2H7mp0jjVcBcg9880ILqOMbdxY9ziirWcynHhSL8SM0pV0MLj7MNWGl6oltNJ9xIw2A9g3+ua7jGY5Y2Tbs3DsfMV8zthFBDHg91PP0rr3sx6uF/appmpEG6hXCyf8xR5/PHf5Vz9dp/zRu0mb8GJPaJpwtNSE6LhZOO1VSRvcOTXZetdGTVNNZIz7+NyMPIjt+vauKXokjeSFwVdSVI9DQ6Wdx2vwVq8e2d/J0DSPZXq76fbare3dnH/SFriyhy/vSuu6NWk27F9Tzx2PNC21pd2UmqdP6p49k2fAkAO14XGMMCO/8iDW2m9ey2elCKx1q4tV4DW7ZI3DGccEH51XtP6kTUBc3+o3g+0zTFpGmk95/Q5PfgCu5qVo1gg8N7/Jw9O9U80vq1t8cEPUHTFrol7Je61q7zubPxLQLGUa4lPk7HIJB7nOT8Kh9mfRuqdf9YW2m6fp19cMjK0xs495RCeQWPuISN2CxA48+1X/AEmCPqa2sY5b05NtKluQwdDhj7+z8xUcfKn2na/7TehftEB0OxgvIVF7F4MK20Ulug2GUMCPEUhzgZySRx5VmxxUu3/PRqnJpcFO9p3QsHQnWV7p1kmpLaIVMTX7RlpE28srIAGAbIzjy+tUK6Ye83HcmnntC64v+u9Zt9Ru4re2+zRmJEg3AFSxOTknJqt37Ygcc5K4/Whk0+goxoK6RTaZblvJf55P7itrp98jNkHmpdHXwtJJP/5N2PlnH/jQkx75oZcRSLjy7Aro8HmhrNBLqtuh7IAT/wDY1JcncwUeZxRHTkJmub28P4Yl2j5scD+ANAlbouQ7u2xBGnotKrhsKTR18+W+QpbdH3cepqS7Lj0BSnLAZ+dLXnJdjzyaNuXwrt2wMUKsS7RnPaoi2CoFJIZscela1s34yPjWtLCPVtFjxFyMjNa1vCMyqM45qELTokZW3L47nimBcKMMQPrSePUPAURLZeJt43bCc/xrYapOT7unr9Y/9ahDVreSG7ciQvG5ygHl610DRNX6V0DS7Key6f8A6W1tod881+/3Nu+TwiAc+ufj3zXP3nuL2aNJoxCq5Y4AGR9PjTm1VFjHvElu1a8Ud0eQG6Ls/tT1q4hey1XRdBv9NkG2W1a2K5HwbJwfjiua9dW2hxXtve9Oi4t7e5Ql7S4YM9s4OCu78ynIIPf17U1dEIwWznmkOvW8snhxxK0pJ4wKbOEdtrwD5EzSh9pk7jIOBWruznavC+lFLpGpueLOY/St30XUowC9qRn/ABD/ADrHubD4BIcKwKjc3qewrsHRvT3Rmg6Lba113eG6ublRLbaVali7RnkM2Md/iQPnXKIIpcYChOeSe9O7aaeVg08jzOABudixwBgDJ8gKdCN8FNnW9Q639m+somnX3s9axsTIrtc2TRJcDaDtxtUcc8jd+tUPVX0iw6ha46Zurk2cbCS2N0uyVePeRscHnjI70pLgHA7VHei1miWOeTZg5BBI/lTZY4uDQKdOy/J1/fXlyNI0eW3tyFQyTzrkpk+/jIIAAxyQfgKzZ9H2OoTyz6rr9+/ig4ng08OTITx3cHGPPA+VVLpaxNrJPd20Tz2qhftDr7wTvgn4f71ZrPqV9Ln3YZ4TyD3ArV6boNNPG3l4/wDdmtzeRcs5prd0IdRns7fa6QyNErKOCASMj596ghRhGq/+mupavHofWdkZ0t4rW+hyZJoowGx6n+99as3sq6b0+w0DVG1bQ9O1iOa4EaTPGsoChAcAfiTliSRzximZfRJxkpRknB/l8f2jFqcjwY3OrOYi81np1+nrtJ2ikW2F5aqSCAjuwGR6MAeD3B+NW7226vF1LpOidQ6aJPAu4vBlQyuxtpouWj29vzDnzABr3tgt+nrlzqVr9oh1AMsKx+KDF4SgAKEIBTaOBz2HPrTD2T3Gjnou70i+kSQajdSJdKvMluoRBFMB6hsnjyyKwarD+nybU7QGlzLLFSaORaSCltubO480/wCi+hepusNaj0zQYRdS3TMYzPMkUYKAswLscDtx6060zpXR7q6N3eandQ6Y2But7Nj4jZxhScYVhkhsYrtWhe1/oPpnovUukNL0zTY7XMQSN7dg6nYMlio95twJHJ+Jpccdx3NjctxltRwfXdJven7h9H1GMJPbKscgVgw3ge8AQSDhiRkHuKQTkEGitb1aTVuoL+6EaQ28k7vFEn4UBbgD0HwoCc8UGRpypEgmlyBXDbWLf3QTTfpyPwunDIe9xdfwRf8ANjSG8f7tz5nAqzYa30rTLcDG238Rh8XOaqPlkl4RDctljS25fJ+VGTtkGlszHJx50AwFuuVVf7zfyrAjuGG5YsqeQceVXDpzoW61BI9S1u4GkaQoz4sg+9l+EaefzPFXePUfZrbxrbp0xczLEAiyPeEM4HGTjzNNjhlJX1/Yl5PhWcLmGJ3H+I1HU13/AGmT51DWceereHiVD/iFa+VbRfjX5irRC1hU2A8YNbIFOcYPyrZVBgU/Ct4lG00LZBbcX4jeSHwFcg4BztIqW21VnUI6hMcAYpVrESrqTYJ9/DH5mtUJAIyfd7VrhN7UA+x1LqQAJCAtjAoBtTnLnGFcDjFQZORQcrEXHc8Gic2Si/6TcRXWnpMhkLYw4GMBvMVNJGrqQVCAggsTkik/SkjrpEgRioaUk48+BTIE5597581mfZbKpG8UEe0lZSuRuHn6GsRXk0j5iwiDjgd6WSkmds/mOTRFvI2QBgD4VoU3QIxM0oGWOQailuCUOBk/KtcnaPjzWka750Qk4ZgD+tE5OgWdi9k9qseiSQo0crPKXKt+fcAP5cUq6j0RNKvXhf8AszHcCB/VE/lPw9DRHTTtbwRCI7QCQMfOnCE3M6rKd3isFYnknPzpmnzvHyircJWij7ZNKn8bTrp1c8Aocg/D09aKt9W1+WW41FNXv470jfJDtCByOFPoR2zxzirX7UulNH0YWj2UUgEjBWV2yPw5yPQ/Liqd4kkmi6jaSSM6QFBGzH3lGScZ9OK7ePUKWJrmvj+RykskeOhNrWqX+rzJLqEwkdAQpCgdzk5x517p2c2+u2UomMG2UEuCew5xx8qBc/dknniuxt7Nen9N0qy1dJr+4lewuLho5pE8Petu7Lwqg4Bx5157Fp8mplJx8fJmy5senSi/IL0X1Z05caNrum6vayNdx6bJFYOlwI0cDB5BGCykAj05xXNOu+rz1AujWNrpdrp9lp1v4EIhXmYkDfKzYyxLBj8M0NaQKzKpZiDyw497HODx2PmPOupe0Lp3RNQ+x6mNMtrO5njRpTaII1bKD8vYfSk7m00jQmm0pHH0d44XYIXfHAHc1Gk7TRZaJkbOCDXTbLo7RZEDFJxx2Eppha9H6DuO+1aT/rkJzQWw5Q29M4xJC9xPBbRgs8r4AH6VdNQtLm41CSK0tpZQiqi7VJGAMV0ex0HRrUq0Gm2yFexCDIqHXdSn05WFpHDHjPO3miU+KB+m3yUuy6H1W4jEt68djCed0hy36UWsfT3Tfv2sSXl4vaecBtp+A7Ckmra9qdxIUkuDtBIAHlSbLSZLsxJ881FLaU4J9jPXNevdTnLyyvJ6ZPalmZPNj+tTKihO1aE89hVuTlyy0vg//9n/2P/gABBKRklGAAEBAAABAAEAAP/bAEMABQMEBAQDBQQEBAUFBQYHDAgHBwcHDwsLCQwRDxISEQ8RERMWHBcTFBoVEREYIRgaHR0fHx8TFyIkIh4kHB4fHv/bAEMBBQUFBwYHDggIDh4UERQeHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHv/AABEIAIwA+gMBIgACEQEDEQH/xAAfAAABBQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EAACAQMDAgQDBQUEBAAAAX0BAgMABBEFEiExQQYTUWEHInEUMoGRoQgjQrHBFVLR8CQzYnKCCQoWFxgZGiUmJygpKjQ1Njc4OTpDREVGR0hJSlNUVVZXWFlaY2RlZmdoaWpzdHV2d3h5eoOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4eLj5OXm5+jp6vHy8/T19vf4+fr/xAAfAQADAQEBAQEBAQEBAAAAAAAAAQIDBAUGBwgJCgv/xAC1EQACAQIEBAMEBwUEBAABAncAAQIDEQQFITEGEkFRB2FxEyIygQgUQpGhscEJIzNS8BVictEKFiQ04SXxFxgZGiYnKCkqNTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqCg4SFhoeIiYqSk5SVlpeYmZqio6Slpqeoqaqys7S1tre4ubrCw8TFxsfIycrS09TV1tfY2dri4+Tl5ufo6ery8/T19vf4+fr/2gAMAwEAAhEDEQA/APjRvvH60L96h/vn60i/eoEHetvwlj7c4PpWIeta/hj/AI+356LV0/iFPY9f8F3CiZ+nCAZrpnvAB94fnXB+DpyZJQSBhQOa357gbgBjFby3MI7G2LuMgHccjrUMt0SCevasV7jHGcYBqJr0qCCQfT2osJmubrhQWAIppn9NoHesU3JZgy4z15qewXUL5/s9qjy4XL4ACoPVmPAHuauKcnZLUiVkrsvPLkZ68evSrOimBtRie4BMUZ3uBg5A7c8cnFYpZA4hXVdKlkJI2x3qEjHXPOBVXXbiaxsfLeIk3DbFwwKvjnGRkEVpUpThByaJp1Iykkmd7rnj29uNYCPdJLbQuAhU71GB0XtgY47VHb+N5oNSS5klM2x8wwMTg/7TVw+oeHrmLSDf2srC5CglRGSrnGSqnpkD2x2zmsnQBLeXHzu7nvhiPwNeHJubume0qEoJJrc9LuPFGo3d3Osdy7vdXIubmSJj8zqcqN+ATg88cdK0p/EDXUMtnqCOwcKDOXIJJIAJHrkjke9c9pFosRUlwhHABHSqvi2WKCz2pKQ6ncWY5ye3NZrESUkjeWCtC7NSf/R52iPDKfwNKkx2/ezmkW/tdZ8PQ38UifaIFRJUxjcDnnPcg9vQiqisdwx3r2qc+aKZ4c4craNuwl454PpS+L7op4UvAvDShYh/wJ1FUrN8Yye9ReKpibCztwf9bfRDH0Jb+lU3oZJajlNtrHi7TvNsoZIrbR76RoruPchYusSllz8wyCQOh79xWXD458Q3AOm6z/Zt1KJRBb6jJarHdQ5BwPMj2loxwNpBAU44ArqF0O8gS58XT3dl9jvYE0u1iFwDPvRzJISnYYxjvxnGMV5F4s1BYJ73ZFukCSFHz9wldpOPXBwPTP0rVWjBSvqOLfO0tjI1vV9ZnuLK0uwvlwxlYFVW2Mm774YnLD5eDnHHFXNJt5L9zDMSMLuZo1LcZAzgduea7fx7YQWmh+GiqKLnT9Ot4gcf7AYj8yarav43n8Q20kF3pOj2+otCw+22kRtWm9RKkZCMSM4+UHOOtZ1KaU1d9jSnJOOheku7Xw94YHhtzK8wuJbl5Wj2BmkOdpXJIIxt/CuDu3+Z2zWTqes39zd+XezAMigKoBbHPIJ9vWrsh8yEhfmZsAADrnpWVaq5u1tEXThyq/cvfD0EeO4rvGf7PsZbgYGf3hUqn/jzrVzxRGqaiI1O7YMZPfH+c/jV3wtYx+HNQvL2/uoJDcxr8kKsxh2twrcYyTtPGR8tZOrXAuL15FbIJ4NXL3KVnuyI3lO5n3zbYfrxUvhi+tbb7QZ5liPDEk9QP/r1T1JxtxmsaSN7gLbJ964mSFfxP/6q5dzZ7Gxql7qCTyXsljcpHN86u0RUFT0Occ13Wl+P/hlDplrDd+CnluEhRZZCpO5woBOd3OTmqvxEk3RHToB+5t1WNyPUADaPwxn64rgRbcf/AFq0qU1B2RnH94rs5Z+GNIvWlk++aQdaxOgQ9a09BfbcuPVazKv6MT9qY+1VDcmWx6D4Xk2CT5gDgcY61rtMxba2cisHwyu9pPL6hRmt5YyCS/LetbSauZJaEUkzochgMA9arS3LFioBPTrWhYaRNqt4Y4WiiXoXlJCj+pNdFZ6J4U0Qtc6xfNq0i4PkW4xGPqM5P4kfQ114fB1Ky5lou7OWviadLR6vsil4M0CLWVmvLvVLe0tYDmSNGDTOB6DoB7n9a0viZ4jtR4UbQdBtPJ04SRC5S3HPl7vnZj1JwOSfWsnxr4msdTt4ho+m29i0A2RzKm2Tb/dwuBt9jmuM0rWpo78yo2JR/CTwWH8J9iMj8a9FVaWGj7KGre8v+HPPaqYiXPLRLZf8Me2zeN/Dfg7wvDb6XYJBG6YjhtAFY5/iyQcn3Oa5fw5oMmu+G5PEWvDfK9+620u1Q8qKp3ZK8EAkD1zkdq8yu7pL4QNJu8hJl+XP3U3Dj8q9w8Qa+95awwGOK2trSIQW1vEAscMajACgdBXn5vmspR9nFaW0senk2VQc3Vk9bmfaW1rdXtu0wLJBlY1Y4QrjnIHU+/0qymlaXazPcwRqGkycViaXqqFXiZ8AnrmnXGqOkzLFGZCBjjpXy3LK+h9epxe/QL2+tEEgN5DG654dsGuU1Z57kqgdJkkIC4bIpddsG1K+Rni8p34+XkmptP06CwfOweaMEZ7V10aMW0ceIxE4xemhqWS/Z4BbghV4yB04qfdgLg1T3E5G4YzyaaH27fmOR2r1EklZHgybk7s27V9oGah1eQSavpEJOQsskpH0TA/nUNtL93JyRUE0wbxLAc8Q2rOfbLf/AFqlsSWpDp7Cd9cvxkMur5QjuIogmP8Ax41w+sA3moNbrybieOED13OP8K67QZtngozsfmuZZJifXc2f8Kg+FNz4ZT4gW48UaRd6rHIshso4J/L8u5UBo5HORlR83HqQcHGK3kvcj5kRbu2bnxcuFW+NupwEG1R7DArzG7jNy0VqvJnljhH/AAJx/hXTeMNV/te6+3FSnm87Cc7D3FZHhaEXXjfQLcruX7csrD2Qbv6VNeXPU0LprkpnTfFa0sz4me4gRFZB5PAAyqjApuj3Hhm8ihhksX0S/t4hsvLVPtEEhUcPJFIwZWzjlGwT/AKreOpzNqTkkHJJP41zE/mSWNzDCQJJdkYYnAVS2SxPYDbRXf712HSX7tF7V/Ecvn3EFwZG/dCFP3O3YRz+RJJ/Gs3TLlp43ftuOK6HxnoljceHtOvYJJWnmgSR2ZyQ2R1x2J4P1rmbIfZz5JUqoHymsq8XFq5VKSkroXUXOWp/hONZPFelb13Jbs9249QgJH/oI/OmXlnfMIyLScCZd8ZMZAdckZBPUZB5HHFdPa2UOkW6zJbwfaCEieZmy7DgsFGeF4qIR11HPaxN4oJTZC5y/Vz6ueWP5k1zpQ56D8qt6zftLelZW3NnrjGc1WyPUU6kuaVxwjZWOCf71Npzdc0grJmglXdH/wCPsfSqRq7o/N4v0ojuD2O98IttknHtXQKu8klgkSjLyN91f8+lc54YYLJPnPC84qpqWr6oj/6RCfILfIqcqP8A69dMIpv3tjmnNxVludDrGqrLF9hsFMVuvDSfxyfX0Ge351nQXiLI0ONocdc8n61nG7Vot8Y7d+1Z8UkjytLnhTXVKs9LHHGle9zSlusSlM8d65e7uXj1GSaI8buRnrWrdy/efPbNV7j7KdGgR1BufNcyBUxtUgYOR1zjv0/GsJu51UYJFmxvYps5UHzFxJGTgn/aU+tejWeprqGko5k/eqoRweu4da8saKNrdD0wOD3FFjfX1rMfJuG4UkEdeOlc9en7WKT6HRhq3sJto9A1OdLCJZEcsVOXB96t2WrlrfzbaZZOAQteZ6lfXt4uLiZypGWUHiqlnfXlmFEMpjDHAU9B71zfVnbU7fricrpHpFnq0l74gW0n1NLEggtKudyj0reu4Lq1maK8H73AOccEdiOxB9a8fnuHbVppfM3HIGQc9BXpXh/xF/aeiwaXeMWuIU/0aRjyOfufQ/zxXo4ahScLWtJdf0POxWKrc+/uvoXfM5P0x0pdwZge+aqNITnIPWpI5VLEk4/Cs2wSNOJ9uKyb+6MT63dg8xWYRfrtJ/mRViO4GeuPSsW9fz7S/TOftV9DAPpuUH9AahsaRpXp+xeGrazz9yMD8uP6VieBA0vjGJlJBitpXB9CQRn8jVvxLd7rZR6jP58/1qD4c8anqt0ekVsIwfckD+hrpv70UZ/ZkxPEZjW/kWMAKWJx6V03w08FarNZH4hGaxXSrFprTa04ExlKdQmOFG8dSCewri9Xl33UjZ7mrvgUlo/EcryMI/JjgChjgsT1x6/LUJ3q3KkrUyTxK+7UZOc4OK5u+Hmz29vz++mAP0H/AOutO7kdpCXbLdz61vfCrw94Z8R+I7xfEXiB9LawsxcWcKICbqXfllJPYKMkDk9ulZSlzSbLtyxH+LJWiEVmFUCOMdugJJA/AVzDsg++gYDnBrb8TXsV9fvcwtlJOQSMfp2rn7ogLxTrS5paBSjaJq6N4o1O0SLS5p4tR0dWy1lfwieKJRkkopOUPXlGXmoPEd5p100F3o2lx21vOzzGBbuVwjcAtlyTg/3cnBzXPA4M75ziFwPqVIrrLXT7eDwXHHLAguBlWJUEg4Bx+tKnHm0YSfKzjzfTXd4u9gxBAyBjgdK1xKcVmfY2t9zRRqWJyBnGaf8AblHBjkB7/KazLsc23agUGkqCwq3pRxdDnFVD1qxp5xdLTW4nsdx4ZnijllMsirkDAY9aqqltbSzQ5nDOc7JJAVA/2cdaqabdSL5yIcg4G3jke2etLOUkjbCZC87eRt/Dt+HFdcUkr9TiqNt26EPmKk5G7MbHGT2PvUE92bcSRiNiec47VHeTQtHkCRXHBLc5+v8AjUL3im2YSwq8gGA3T8alyKjEdcXJNsp7k44qSB2u5FGAFXk5NZSuXZQeQO1X1EohIjcIT1B70J3NuSysWbhlLiJT7cVNFAI0LcbsUyyjhgi8+aRXbsAagur4zZMSkgtg4p6dTHleyHzhAm0HJNZsyPLMwXGFUsSTjpVmWTYhLN8xxmq/nIcqO5qXZl0007klhGdm71rW0y4aGVZVbDKcr9RWcjbLUKDhmOKliZUI3HC/qacXZkz1PS4pGaJWzyQCSB3pyZZOcnmqmlS+Zp9vIQQWjBwevSrqNkDmspT1Nox0RHIhC9aybEh5tLQ877yW4PuEViP1xWrfShIWb0GaxdNfbdQN/wA+2lyyH2Z2AH9ai7ZTRT1+bcVTPQAVe8Eny9B1O66ebOq59QAT/WsHVJd3zFskcn8q2tEbyPB0S9PMlkc+/Rf6V1xfv37GLXumbdOGmLH+9mtDwWSvh27l/wCe13uP0VeP1Y1jX0hWGRh1CHH5VvaKv2bwfBg/NMzv+Gdo/lWdN+9cqa0sZ1y5LMe5rQ+GgU+JNTv3+7bWrgH0yQg/QGsmdwuWPQcn8Oa1PACtHoOoTk4M0qK3+6oLH9WH5UqPxphV+GxHfkC4faMAsTj0zWXet2q/eNumY+9ZV8/Wolq2zRbFaN2DqqOEklbahxnn29+etdpqTCLR4Ix/EGYfTOB+gFUfhJoWieJPiBZab4g1ltKso7aWfzVC7nkAyiAtwCTjk+nritXx3DaWeqy6fY3f2qG1IiSUDG4ADnj8auDsmZvWVjmWPJGKqF+TViQ4U1SJ5rI1OaI4FJSnpSVBQVNaf69cHFQ1NaECbn0NOO4mbOmLGxlRi2eOQ2KtSRSEfu5C7L0OMH6Z71m6awUSHOBkVox3Sgc4xWnMzPkTWplagHRi0iMh6Yxx/wDqrPLMRtycdcV3Xh1YdT1i0sJJBFHPKqO5x8q9zz7V9GaLB4D0fSGNtpenGGKPLKUjeR8euRlmJ/nWU6lpKK3Z00MM5rTZHx5AApBY1ZWU/wAKOw9e1fSZ0jwrfCW61PRdMBnfe9vbQLGijqASvJI+oFXfCCeB9B19LtvBWiXtjGpdlmthIVA9N5Iz7H0r6j/V+rGmpOavbbr6dhOlK58syy4bCgKPTOaj8xs5yT+NfS/x58E+G/EULarod1p1vrAtVuk+zw+VDdoThoiBgJIvGOxHHoa+aJ4nhlaKVGR1OCGGCDXm43A1MI1zbPqZ2a3Q/duhdi/z5HFRxEFwWxQVI+YUinEgK8V58hWLiRzyMCFCL2ya0bG3tvtMMbuPNkcLkndj3qhCVkGWjjJ9Sf6Vf0mKN9RgXcgJkBKqD0+tWjBvod1BtRdgGAq7QPTip43wBVTcoU4xk0gZ3jKpKI37MV3d/T86wa1NlohNalxaSkddh/lRc6TqmlWU19f6fcW1te2sC2MsiYS4jB5ZD0YZ4yO9bvhMaJPekavawzR20T3EzXMxWBlXnBRQWYngBQeT6VB8aPiLpXi3Vrd9B02Cwt1iCSW8dv5UcYGFUKM44weRgVcYJq7ZMpSvZI861NsgjueP1reaQR+H7GHIB8oHHuST/Wucv2ycDklv6Vt6mu0xoM7UjVcfhWkXuyWtjJ1Fv3BA7sB+uf6V092PI0Kwt84K26Z+p5/rXKXgMk0MQ53Mf8P611GvOCyoOigAfgMUobNjlq0c/qb7baQDqw2j8eK6rQE+y+Com73EjyY9s4H8q5DVG/1a/wC1uP4DNdjqI+yaDYWfQx26Aj3xk06Wl2KerSMOZuWNZN4xJwD14rQmbANZU7jzM9h8x/CsTU0vBcQn8QPIwBRJFHPouW/9lFauruHu5G7k5NVfAaeXaPP/ABFXY+2SB/7KaW8fdMzdcmtXpAzj8RSuGwmKol+etWbtscVQyPQVlY1MSiiioGFPi++KZT4TiQU0BrafZPMsiRyBT1G4daSeyuYXzMDtHdeRV3QifMbjnHStYSEMO/NUxIwLa+WxljuEJYo2eOav3fi554iq2gVjxv3YI/KovEkVu0C+XGiyls8DnFc+YJByRx7nFJR1UilNxVkdxoPjeWBfKnVyv97ORXWXPiiGGCK6tGiuraeNopo2PTPQn9RXjqxYAPyEHjk1csLu5tGZFh3Iw+ZccGvaw+aVYe7U1RUarR6P4bGoa7rNnpdvdqlwZDHbiVztOASqexbgD3IrkPH9u0mrC6XcHcbJI34KMvBGO3/667H4GeTd+I5725jlE9gEuLdc4U8kHPHOMjFd58bTDqnw7vmg02yhuIbmO7edIQJZDnYSz4yeGroxGIWIoNJGFTEWkos+bUbZwyBv5ipre2kuZWNspYopduOgAzTTAzHb5qFvbrWlpd/NZQvbyQxyxMpRtp2tz79zzXgu5RnLckj7jn/gXFa3hlPM1RHbC7AWwB19q6fwh4L0/VooZWu50RlzgIP5/nXeL4E0PT9Nka3t5XuADiaR8kH1AGBXNPFwhozSGEnPVI4becjPrWrJoerQWzzz2s0XlYJjxlyCDkkDkADk5HcVk3CvDOY2yChxg10EHi7XILBCdThkeJSsbMgMqA9QGIzXpYGGFqX9vJrtY4cXKvTsqUU+5m6bDeXWk61HYW8c909uiozyFQmXBOOxPHGeK4JBfz6lcC+E73rOFcSZMjPnGD3JrufC2pJb3j2zsVaUhy2cAhc/Kfrmtiys/EsWpwS+B1mYGHzbnaiOy+WQWbdJnnJ6DknpXPCKbtfQ2bdi7c/BPWNM+Ey+LfE0Go6Tqc11iztpEQxywZXLS5IaEgFsDktjoOtcBqh/flTjIJBwciuk8c/EzxVrFnJ4X1OVVtg7KEKsJEUsCVOTwd2cjGe1cXGwSJULZYDv1NXK0VZCim3dkdmnna3EucBSD/X+lbOqyb5s9B1rO0IA6q8hH3c/0FWL5syMc1G0St5GYyfadVhgHOSq/wDfTf4V1fieXddbQeF4/Kue8OR+d4hVz91HJz/ujFaWsSeZdOc55prSDFvIzLlvlrJu2xFKfUbfzNaN01Zk/wAxjT++/wDKsjRnV6Awg0Zj32qg98DP9TVWducmrEKGKwTJwOcCqMzdaqT0SJiindNz1qkTyeDVi4bliKiHlgYOM96lIoxu1JRRUFBT4QWkGOvWmVJbf60c4oA6DRD+8bn+Gr9xIIYi/Gc4APrVDQwcsfatG8gae3Kg4bOVNUSY1xyTJI45PLU4vZCQbbO4mjCYLPLsZmz94DBAGOxzSLCfMLsN57ZPT6VNsO3dgY757Vta4EM9tprxs9vPPbSf8854wyt7bl/qBWchMUgCkIT/AAnkH6Gr11+6XzFG5c44qg3lzH5Mqe6/1o5eoXO8+Ceqw23jy3iupVhhuopLdjI4VQxGVyfqAPxr2r4qjStL8E6kNUv7aBbmzeOKISq0krkfKFUcnnHNfLLFlkAbHTP1pQzzMHkJKr0reFZxg4mUqak030LVmi43bNqnoP6mp0jjVcBcg9c81UF1HGNu4sepxVq1nMpx5Ui+5GayVtjQ7H4YasNL1RLaaT9xIw2A9A3/ANfNe4xmOWNk27Nw6HuK+Z2wighjweqnn8K9e+GPi4X9qmmakQbqFcLJ/wA9FHf646/SvPx2H+2juwlb7DMT4iacLTUhOi4WTjpXKSN8hya9l8a6MmqaayRn58bkYdiOn59K8UvRJG8kLgq6kqR6Gpws7x5X0Fi6fLO/c9A0j4V6u+n22q3t3Zx/2ha4socv80rrujVpNuxfU88dDzVW2tLuyk1Tw/qnn2TZ8iQA7XhcYwwI6/yINO03x7LZ6UIrHWri1XgNbtkjcMZxwQfrXPaf4kTUBc3+o3g+0zTFpGmk+Z/Q5PXgCvcxKwaoQdG/P1PDw7xTrS9rbl6aEPiDwxa6JeyXutau87mz8y0CxlGuJT2djkEg9TnJ9qh+Gfg3VPH/AIwttN0/Tr64ZGVpjZx7yiE8gsfkQkbsFiBx36V3+kwR+JraxjlvTk20qW5DB0OGPz7P4io4+lb2na/8TfAv2iA6HYwXkKi9i8mFbaKS3QbDKGBHmKQ5wM5JI47VzU4qW789jqnJpaHHfE7wLB4E8ZXunWSaktohUxNftGWkTbyysgAYBsjOO341wV0w+ZuOpNbnxC8cX/jvWbfUbuK3tvs0ZiRINwBUsTk5Jya5u/bEDjnJXH51MmnsVGNi14RTaZbluy/zyf6inXT75GbIPNS6OvlaSSf+Wm7H0zj/ANlqpMeuamWkUhx1dyldHg81Ws0Euq26HogBP/oRqS5O5go7nFWPDkJmub28P3Yl2j6scD9AahK7sORt3bYgjT0Wsq4bCk1evny30FZt0flx6miW447FKU5YDP1rNecl2PPJq7cvhXbpgYqqsS7RnPShDZVQKSQzY49KbTm++R702sygp0WPMXIyM02nwjMqjOOaAOp0SMrbl8dTxWgXCjDED8ax49Q8hREtl5m3jdsJz+tOGqTk/Lp6/jH/APXoAa1vJDduRIXjc5QDt616Bomr+FdA0uynsvD/APa2ttDvnmv3/c275PCIBz659+ua8/ee4vZo0mjEKrljgAZH4e9bNqqLGPmJLdK66UeaOpDdjtn+KetXEL2Wq6LoN/psg2y2rWxXI9mycH3xXmvjq20OK9t73w6Li3t7lCXtLhgz2zg4K7v4lOQQevr0rVdEIwWznmsHXreWTy44laUk8YFazhHluuhPUxmlD7TJ1GQcCmu7Odq8L6VaXSNTc8Wcx/CnvoupRgF7UjP+0P8AGuPmbL0KkOFYFRub1PQV7B4N8PeDNB0W21rx3eG6ublRLbaVali7RnkM2MdfcgfWvKIIpcYChOeSetbdtNPKwaeR5nAA3OxY4AwBk9gK2hG+gmz1vUPG/wAN9ZRNOvvh61jYmRXa5smiS4G0Hbjao455G7864PVX0iw8QtceGbq5NnGwktjdLslXj5kbHB54yOtZJcA4HSo70Ws0SxzybMHIIJH8q1lTi4NEp2dzvk8f315cjSNHlt7chUMk865KZPz4yCAAMckH2FLZ+D7HUJ5Z9V1+/fzQcTwaeHJkJ46uDjHfA+lcl4WsTayT3dtE89qoX7Q6/ME64J9v/wBddNZ+JX0ufdhnhPIPUCurLcBhp026un9bnW5uotWeaa3dCHUZ7O32ukMjRKyjggEjI+vWoIUYRqv+TXqWrx6H4zsjOlvFa30OTJNFGA2PU/3vxrpvhV4b0+w0DVG1bQ9O1iOa4EaTPGsoChAcAfeTliSRzxitKuSTjJSjJOD+129UcWJqOhTc7XPMReaz4dfw9dpO0Ui2wvLVSQQEd2AyPRgDweoPvXXfG3V4vEuk6J4h00SeRdxeTKhldjbTRctHt6fxDnuADR8YLfw9cudStftEOoBlhWPzQYvKUABQhAKbRwOeg59a0PhPcaOfBd3pF9Ikg1G6kS6VeZLdQiCKYD1DZPHbIrgxVH6vU5U7ojC1lVipNHkWkgpbbmzuPNb/AIL8C+JvGGtR6ZoMIupbpmMZnmSKMFAWYF2OB049a2tM8K6PdXRu7zU7qHTGwN1vZsfMbOMKTjCsMkNjFe1aF8X/AAH4Z8F6l4Q0vTNNjtcxBI3t2DqdgyWKj5m3Akcn3NZxp3jzNmtW8ZcqPB9d0m98P3D6PqMYSe2VY5ArBhvA+YAgkHDEjIPUVgTkEGrWt6tJq3iC/uhGkNvJO7xRJ91AW4A9B7VQnPFRUacrIIJpalK4baxb+6Ca1/DkfleHDIetxdfoi/4sawbx/wB257nArpsNb6VpluBjbb+Yw93OaUerCXRENy2WNZty+T9KuTtkGs2Zjk471BoVbrlVX+838qQR3DDcsWVPIOO1dh4c8C3WoJHqWt3A0jSFGfNkH72X2jTv9TxXbx6j8NbeNbdPDFzMsQCLI94QzgcZOO5rWNGUlfb1MXU7K54XMMTuP9o1HU13/wAfMn1qGuc3Cnw8Sof9oU3tTovvr9RTQHVhU2A8YNOQKc4wfpTlUGBT7U+JRtNS2Bm3F+I3kh8hXIOAc7SKlttVZ1COoTHAGKytYiVdSbBPz4Y/U01CQCMn5eldcJvlRD3NqXUgASEBbGBVBtTnLnGFcDjFQZORVOViLjqeDVObCx3+k3EV1p6TIZC2MOBjAbuKmkjV1IKhAQQWJyRWP4UkddIkCMVDSknHfgVpAnPPzfXmuZ7jZykbxQR7SVlK5G4d/Q0kV5NI+YsIg44HWsyUkztn+I5NWLeRsgDAHtXQpuxJomaUDLHINRS3BKHAyfpTcnaPfmmRrvnRCThmAP51Tk7Es9i+E9qseiSQo0crPKXKt/HuAH8uKyvEeiJpV68L/wDHsx3Agf6on+E+3oaseGna3giER2gEgY+tbCE3M6rKd3msFYnknP1rTD13T1QruEro4fbJpU/naddOrngFDkH29PWrVvq2vyy3Gopq9/Hekb5IdoQORwp9COmeOcV1fxS8KaPowtHsopAJGCsrtkfdzkeh+nFcd5kkmi6jaSSM6QFBGzH5lGScZ9OK9uniFKk1rbt5mykqkdNjG1rVL/V5kl1CYSOgIUhQOpyc470eHZzb67ZSiYwbZQS4J6DnHH0qi5/dknnivY2+Gvh/TdKstXSa/uJXsLi4aOaRPL3rbuy8KoOAcd6+epYepiZScenc5qtanh0ovqVfBfizw5caNrum6vayNdx6bJFYOlwI0cDB5BGCykAj05xXmnjvxefEC6NY2ul2un2WnW/kQiFeZiQN8rNjLEsGPtmq1pArMqlmIPLDj5sc4PHQ9x3r1L4heHdE1D7HqY0y2s7meNGlNogjVsoP4eg/CseZtNI6E02lI8fR3jhdghd8cAdTUaTtNFlomRs4INem2Xg7RZEDFJxx0EprQtfB+g7jvtWk/wB+QnNRdlyhy7M8Ykhe4ngtowWeV8AD8q7TULS5uNQkitLaWUIqou1SRgDFej2Og6NalWg022Qr0IQZFQ67qU+nKwtI4Y8Z5281SnpYn2bepxdl4H1W4jEt68djCed0hy35VbWPw94b+e1iS8vF6TzgNtPsOgrE1bXtTuJCklwdoJAA7VjZaTJdmJPfNClyicE9zT1zXr3U5y8sryemT0rMzJ3Y/nUyooTpTCeegpuTlqxpdj//2Q==

[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig2]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig3]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
