---
layout: post
title: "P16S Chief Scientists' Weekly Report 2"
date: 2014-09-26 16:46:19 +0000
---
##### Weekly Report #2. 25-31 March 2014.

**Lynne Talley (SIO) and Brendan Carter (Princeton)**

During our second week on the Nathaniel B. Palmer, we completed an 11-­‐day
transit from Hobart, Tasmania to the southernmost station of our GO-­‐SHIP
hydrographic section, at 67°S, 150°W. We are arriving on station 5 to commence
that section today, which will go northward with stations every 30 nm (55 km)
to 15°S.

During the second half of our transit, beginning south of New Zealand, we
deployed 4 biogeochemical profiling floats, spaced roughly 1 days’ steam
apart. Each float has a CTD (temperature/salinity), and sensors for oxygen,
nitrate and fluorescence/backscatter. At each float location we made a
CTD/36-­‐place rosette/LADCP/transmissometer/fluorometer station to depth, and
a profile of Inherent optical properties (IOP) to 200 m (nicknamed the “NASA
Cage”). Three of the four CTD stations were to the ocean bottom. The first was
at the location of a station on WOCE/GO-­‐SHIP P14S, south of Chatham Rise, so
it will be possible to not only use our water sample data (nutrients, oxygen,
pH, alkalinity, HPLC pigments) to calibrate the float profile, but also to
compare our water properties with those collected in 1996 in WOCE and in 2012
in GO-­‐SHIP. Station and float deployment 2 was on the northern flank of the
Pacific-­‐Antarctic Ridge and that profile was also taken to the ocean bottom,
given the minimal additional time required and the nearly unmeasured
hydrographic nature of this region.

Station and float deployment 3, located south of the Pacific-­‐Antarctic Ridge
and within the Ross Sea gyre south of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current, were
shifted farther east along the transit than originally planned because of
sustained high winds and seas. During a break in the weather, the station was
occupied to the minimum necessary depth of 2000 m, a bio-­‐optics cast was
carried out, and the third float was deployed. As a result of the weather and
constant waves on the main deck, which has often been secured, the DIC
analysis group moved operations from their van into the main lab.

Station and float deployment 4 were then also shifted eastward to lie between
station 3 and the anchor station for the P16S repeat at 67°S, 150°W. Weather
and seas calmed considerably prior to Station 4, and we began seeing tabular
icebergs and smaller floating ice. The mid-­‐day conditions were sufficiently
calm that the NASA bio-­‐optics group deployed their apparent optical
properties (AOP) profiler (nicknamed the “Javelin” by popular acclaim), the
farthest south such profile at the time. The subsequent “Javelin” profile at
Station 5 broke that record, as it was slightly farther south at our
southernmost station overall.

During the long transit we have been collecting underway data: ADCP velocities
to 1200 m, surface water properties with sampling every four hours,
meteorology, and bathymetry.

PI Ken Johnson sent us early data returned by float 7557, which we have
compared to data from the CTD deployment and the shipboard measurements of
water from the rosette on station 2. The float data captured the features we
observed in the oxygen and nitrate profiles well, though with a distinct
offset in both quantities. This comparison underscores the potential for these
floats to autonomously measure biogeochemical properties in the ocean, as well
as the need for floats to be cross-­‐calibrated upon deployment on cruises
like this one.

We are now more than ready to start our 4 station per day regimen after many
long days of no stations or at most one station a day, which always seemed to
fall on the noon-­‐mid watch. Labs are more than ready, watchstanders ready,
crew ready. We’ve enjoyed the comforts of the 03 conference room, with airport
connections to computers and comfie chairs, daily science presentations and
discussion, excellent and varied food, the start of a 2-­‐team gym
competition, various card tournaments, daily NY Times crossword puzzles
printed large for team use, lots of movies and books, and fun spotting
icebergs and building a (tiny) snowman on the bow. The ship’s crew and USAP
ASC team are excellent; we are in great hands for the intense part of our
work, which started today.


