---
layout: post
title: "P16S Chief Scientists' Weekly Report 4"
date: 2014-09-26 16:49:32 +0000
---
##### Weekly Report #4. April 14, 2014.

**Lynne Talley (SIO) and Brendan Carter (Princeton)**

In our fourth week at sea, we completed 16 stations, deployed 3 additional
biogeochemical Argo-equivalent floats, and 18 surface drifters for the NOAA
Global Surface Velocity Program. All of our biogeochemical floats have thus
far reported their first profiles, and the earliest floats have successfully
completed their first 10 day cycles. We have been able to send our coincident
lab analyses back to the float PIs for comparison with the float results,
which are giving good profile shapes but with offsets, confirming the
usefulness of chemistry at the time of biogeochemical float deployments.

Our station completion rate continued at the slow rate of the previous week,
again due to weather restrictions as we continued to battle the broad wind
tunnel centered at 60S and extending over our full station track to 55S, just
beyond the top of the Pacific-Antarctic Ridge and in the center of the
Antarctic Circumpolar Current. Beyond this point, the weather began to clear
and we began more routine operations at a rate of about 3 stations per day.

Our station 29 was directly north of the Subantarctic Front based on the high
surface velocities registered by the shipboard ADCP, and the abrupt change to
subantarctic type waters. Water samplers appreciated the vanishing of negative
temperature waters.

As we proceeded northward across the ridge, at the first station deeper than
4100 m, we uncovered multiple breaks in the outer layer of the CTD wire. The
breaks looked to be worse farther down in the spool. We continued safely
sampling to 4100 m for the next 8 stations over the next two days while
considering options for sampling to the &gt; 5000 m depths that are arriving
at 49S. After determining that the spare wire appears to be in good shape, the
viable option was to transfer operations from the Baltic room to the main deck
even though the sheave is not the best for this wire. With excellent weather
today, the transfer was accomplished successfully (picture). Because the deck
has been nearly continuously awash for most of the cruise, the water sampling
will likely not be done underway, which will add approximately 60 hours of
station time to the cruise. This and the time required for the transfer of
operations means cancelling a large number of stations, and will be
accommodated by increasing the station spacing, potentially from the
stipulated Â½ degree to 1 degree.

As said last week, on the positive side, it is a pleasure to work with this
team of professionals and dedicated students, each contributing their thorough
expertise and the ability to adapt to circumstances.


