---
layout: post
title: "Arctic Geotraces 2015 Letter from Jim Swift, CTD/hydrographic Scientist, 3"
date: 2015-08-31 18:15:13 +0000
---
HLY1502 letter 03 from Jim Swift

Sunday, 23 August 2015, 5:30 pm, local date and time (0130 24 August UTC)

80°N, 175°W (in the Arctic Ocean, near the Siberian end of the Mendeleyev Ridge)

air -4.9 degC / 23 degF

water -1.3 degC / 30 degF

wind 8 knots from NNW

On Station 19

Dear Family, Friends, and Colleagues,

The past week has been busy: We've traveled about 700 nautical miles north,
meanwhile completing 12 more stations along the way - some were quite long and
complex. We've had some stormy weather, moved into the Arctic Ocean ice pack,
now are in perpetual daylight (until mid-September), and in various ways have
settled into the routines that will carry us and our work through to mid-
October.

Shortly after we completed station 6 (when I sent letter #2) the winds came up
as we steamed north - steady near about 35-40 miles per hour and too windy for
our work. So we passed over a planned science station location on the mid-
outer continental shelf. The weather improved by the time we hit the shelf
edge, and, ever since, we've been working the plan northward, albeit in the
reverse order - taking the western leg north - in order to take advantage of
ice conditions.

The rapid and early Arctic Ocean sea ice retreat - which many know about from
news accounts - has impacted walruses. Indeed, there was little or no ice in
the part of the Chukchi Sea we passed over. This is bad news for walruses
because they feed at the bottom on these shelf seas where the depth is only 50
meters, but they need sea ice in the same area to haul out on from time to
time. As we sailed north into deeper water, at the first belt of sea ice we
did encounter walruses. We are guessing that the water there may have been
nearly as deep as they can bear for bottom feeding. That ice will not be there
much longer this summer, so we wondered about the fate of those walruses. A
bit further north, as soon as we got into more ice, we saw a couple of polar
bears. One was rangy looking, but the other (the one in the photo) seemed to
have put on quite a bit of weight - this bear must be an expert hunter (they
eat seals).

The sea ice came very close to taking some of our equipment: at one station a
sizeable piece of ice drifting past the side of the ship snagged the CTD cable
while we had the CTD in the water and pulled the wire (and CTD) about one
hundred yards astern. A combination of luck and hard work by the deck crew
saved everything, with the sole damage being to the CTD cable. The damaged
part was cut off and new electrical and mechanical terminations were made to
the equipment. Whew! (It was the closest call of that type yet in my
experience.)

We had a bit of excitement last week when a Coast Guard C-130 aircraft flew
out to the ship and air dropped a few items needed for the engine room and
extra heaters for one of the science team's outdoor-stored equipment. The crew
had a small boat standing by to pick up the waterproof floating package.
Breaks in routine are welcome!

I will write more about the sea ice in future letters, but we are happy to be
in the ice, which provides visual variety, polar bear tracks to sight (and
bears!), and the many sights and sounds of icebreaking. So far we are
transiting only first-year ice which is fairly easy going. In fact, we are
making good progress.

We are enjoying the food. The Healy galley staff serves tasty, hearty meals
four times daily: 7-8, 11-12, 5-6, and 11-midnight - one can catch a hot meal
no matter what hours the work dictates. The bakers are adept, turning out not
only breads and rolls, but tempting pastries and desserts. The officers cooked
Saturday night: excellent teriyaki chicken (grilled outdoors), a tasty
vegetarian Thai green curry, braised cabbage, and more. We still have a salad
bar, too. Counterbalance is provided by the ship's two gyms full of commercial
grade equipment, plus there are exercise sessions and other inducements to
keep fit.

All is well.

Jim Swift

Research Oceanographer

UCSD Scripps Institution of Oceanography

PS - Feel free to send questions to me at
[james.swift@healy.polarscience.net](mailto:james.swift@healy.polarscience.net).

## Addendum to Letter 3

Dear Family, Friends, and Colleagues,

A few minutes after I sent Letter #3, a bear came by the ship at close range.
Everybody turned out: this was a well-photographed bear! (And a healthy
looking, fat one at that.)

Here are two of my photos, at much-reduced resolution.

Jim Swift


