---
layout: post
title: "Arctic Geotraces 2015 Letter from Jim Swift, CTD/hydrographic Scientist, 5"
date: 2015-09-10 19:14:14 +0000
---
### HLY1502 letter 05 from Jim Swift

### Monday, 07 September 2015, 7:00 pm, local date and time (2100 07 September
UTC)

#### 90°N (in the Amundsen Basin of the Arctic Ocean)

#### air -3.8 degC / 25 degF

#### water -1.4 degC / 29 degF

#### wind 16 knots from N (not certain what the "N" on the meteorological
display means, considering our location!)

#### on station 34, at the North Pole

Dear Family, Friends, and Colleagues,  
  
At 7:47 am ship's time Saturday, September 5th, USCGC Healy became the first
US ship to reach the North Pole unaccompanied by another icebreaker. I am not
certain of this, but Healy may also be the first ship of any nation to reach
the pole from Bering Strait unaccompanied. It was also a milestone of sorts
for me, because there have been three scientific crossings by surface ship
from Bering Strait to the Pole - 1994, 2005, and 2015 - and I was on all
three, doing similar work each cruise (and thus learning about ocean change in
this remote part of the World Ocean).  
  
My informal observations of the Arctic Ocean sea ice we have been traversing
continue in the same vein as during the past two weeks: much of the ice
appears to be first-year ice and passage through it has mostly not been
difficult. Yes, there are larger, tougher floes and some pressure ridges.
[Pressure ridges form when floes and sheets are pushed together and pile up
high (and well below the surface) and can be very tough to pass through.] But
these can usually be avoided and even the ones we have crossed have not yet
been significant impediments to our progress. Extra power (provided by
bringing more engines on line) has been required remarkably few times for an
expedition working in the central Arctic Ocean. This is very different from
the experiences we had with the ice 10 and 21 years ago.  
  
There was a seal near the ship at the Pole and people saw bear tracks on the
way here, so the ecosystem we associate with the Arctic Ocean - a simple food
chain from phytoplankton &amp; algae, to zooplankton, to Arctic cod (a small
fish that lives under the ice), to seals, and finally to bears - is active
even at the Pole.  
  
There was a large lead (open water) quite close to the Pole, so we first
carried out a long, 8-cast Geotraces science station. On our deep cast we
attached several net bags full of decorated Styrofoam cups which were shrunk
by the more than 400 atmospheres of pressure they encountered, making nice
souvenirs. I earlier told some of you who asked how we handle the cold, "well,
it isn't all that cold in the Arctic Ocean in summer, just about freezing".
Perhaps it is time to eat words ... yesterday a high pressure system built up,
and with it came clear skies and a still, dry atmosphere, causing air
temperatures to dip down to -14°C (7°F) when we were working. This was cold
enough to freeze up our CTD in the time it took to move it from the sampling
room and deploy it - it took nearly 20 minutes in near-freezing ocean waters
to thaw it. This freezing damaged the CTD's pumps and at least one sensor (we
have spares), but we were able to complete the cast. Freezing was a problem
during sampling, too. So we are considering some adjustments to our deployment
and recovery methods such as making space to install one of those heater-
blowers that are used to keep football players warm on the bench. We will use
it to blow warm air over the rosette when it is outside on deck.  
  
After we were done with the science work the captain looked for an ice floe
nearby that was large and rugged enough for an excursion onto the ice. This
began with a recognition and awards ceremony on the ice - I was surprised and
deeply touched to be recognized for my experience and contributions - and a
group photo. Then came fun for all - known as "ice liberty" - a chance to play
and let loose on a couple meters of ice, floating on more than 4000 meters of
water on the top of the world. Bill Landing (FSU), the co-chief scientist,
played Christmas songs on his saxophone. Santa visited, too!  
  
Life on board: Fresh vegetables are now only a memory, but there is still
watermelon, apples, oranges, and grapefruit. Someone in the galley has been
making very good salads from non-fresh ingredients on hand, including Asian
orange, snow pea, &amp; water chestnuts; asparagus &amp; feta; a flavorful
bean salad with a ton of minced onion; and an excellent halibut salad. We were
talking about the extreme hardships long ago polar explorers faced daily.
Here's how one of the intrepid polar explorers on my hydro team summed up his
first visit to the Pole: "I was awakened in my warm bunk by the pipe
[announcement on the ship's PA] that we had reached the Pole, and went back to
sleep. I had Greek food for lunch and pizza for dinner." He also worked a
solid science shift including sampling freezing water barehanded, before
heading out onto the ice, and quite enjoyed all his experiences at the Pole.  
  
The North Pole is a point on the globe, a spot similar to many other places in
the Arctic Ocean. I joke that it is a magnetic pole in the way it attracts
steel ships. The Canadian icebreakers Louis S. St-Laurent and Terry Fox passed
us southbound as we were on the final stretch to the Pole, and the German
polar research ship Polarstern pulled up near us today as we were preparing to
leave. We held up, each ship hosted visits, and a good time was had by all. In
the next year measurements from all three nations will be compared. In our
immediate future, however, we have resumed our station work, obtaining water
for isotope samples that are being done in parallel with work from the
Polarstern. In 2-3 hours we will be heading south (no matter which way we
point the ship!).  
  
All is well.  
  
  
  
Jim Swift  
  
Research Oceanographer  
  
UCSD Scripps Institution of Oceanography


![][fig0]




[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
