---
layout: post
title: "Arctic Geotraces 2015 Letter from Jim Swift, CTD/hydrographic Scientist, 6"
date: 2015-09-23 19:44:29 +0000
---
### HLY1502 letter 06 from Jim Swift

### Sunday, 13 September 2015, 7:00 pm, local date and time (0500 14 September
UTC)

#### 85째48'N, 150째34'W (on the northern flank of the Alpha Ridge)

#### air -13.4 degC / 8 degF

#### water -1.4 degC / 29 degF

#### wind 4 knots from NE

#### on an ice station following hydrographic station 041

Dear Family, Friends, and Colleagues,  
  
We are now about 250 nautical miles south of the North Pole, following the
planned track toward Alaska along 150째W longitude. Tomorrow we will begin
crossing over the very rarely visited Alpha Ridge (where a 55-hour Geotraces
"superstation" is planned). Part of the area we traversed here from the Pole
was not passable on my previous expeditions due to very heavy ice. We found
this year that the ice has changed over the past decade to the point where
Healy is able to work here solo. Still, the going has sometimes been tough,
but we do keep on going. The Healy has plowed through long stretches of ice
which looked to be two meters thick. Occasionally there are back-and-ram
operations, meaning that if the ice stops the ship, the ship backs up in its
track a ways, revs up, and pushes forward again, repeating as needed. There is
quite a bit of snow on the ice, which impedes motion by increasing friction on
the ship's hull. The result has been some slow, long hauls between stations.
Heavy icebreaking is noisy - ice impacts on the hull reverberate through the
ship - and causes the ship to lurch about, both of which disturb sleep for
many, but I do not find it bothersome.  
  
Our measurement work is a methodical process, following a planned and
practiced suite of well-honed procedures. Sometimes the ice or the Arctic cold
has its say. Today the skies cleared - the sun on the ice is beautiful - but
meanwhile under those clear skies the air cooled quickly, temperature dropped
to well below 10째F, and we needed to improvise a bit to keep sensors and
samples from freezing. I confess that while we were later sampling water in
the near-freezing rosette staging bay, I was thinking of the present heat wave
back home - perhaps both we and those at home would have gladly switched
places for at least a few minutes of relief!  
  
During an ice station last week, Bill Schmoker, the PolarTrec teacher on
board, put his waterproof GoPro camera on a pole and pushed it down a hole
drilled in the ice, pointed up, to see what there was to see. When he was
reviewing the short recording, he saw he had recorded a seal swimming by (see
photo, taken from a video frame) - no one had any idea there was a seal in the
area.


![][fig0]


Saturday night is "morale night" on the ship. One of the ships' groups cooks
dinner - this weekend it was Philly steak sandwiches. There is also an event,
in this case "sumo wrestling" in the helo hangar, with contestants in huge
padded costumes (see photo). Hilarious!


![][fig1]


We are busy with our work, crew and science team alike. The part of the
program I oversee (the water column temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen,
and nutrient measurements) is going very well. This is a long cruise, but we
have passed "hump day" - the halfway point. We press on with the planned work,
with another goal always ahead of us. For my part, I find the sameness of the
days helps the weeks go by, meanwhile feeling quite satisfied with our
progress.  
  
All is well.  
  
  
  
Jim Swift  
  
Research Oceanographer  
  
UCSD Scripps Institution of Oceanography  
  
  
  
PS - We are limited to 100 kb total message size, so I can include only the
two photos. The image of the seal swimming past the GoPro is from Bill
Schmoker, PolarTrec, and the sumo wrestling photo is by Jim Swift, SIO.



[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
