---
layout: post
title: "Arctic Geotraces 2015 Weekly Science Report from Jim Swift, CTD/hydrographic Scientist, Week 5"
date: 2015-09-17 19:09:04 +0000
---
USCGC Healy Cruise HLY-1502

US Arctic Geotraces

Weekly CTD/Hydrographic Team Report 05

from Jim Swift, UCSD/SIO, CTD/hydro team scientific leader at sea

Sunday, 13 September 2015, 7:00 pm, local date and time (0500 14
September UTC)

85째48'N, 150째34'W (on the northern flank of the Alpha Ridge)

air -13.4 degC / 8 degF

water -1.4 degC / 29 degF

wind 4 knots from NE

on an ice station following hydrographic station 041

Note: This is a hydrography-oriented report from Jim Swift, who is working
with the SIO Oceanographic Data Facility (ODF) CTD/hydrographic team on the US
Geotraces Arctic Ocean expedition led by Dr. David Kadko, FIU, chief
scientist. This is not a report from Dr. Kadko or the other science teams.  
  
  
  
  
Dear Colleagues,  
  
We are now about 250 nautical miles south of the North Pole, following the
planned track toward Alaska along 150째W longitude. Before heading back into
the Makarov Basin we did a trio of stations over the Lomonosov Ridge to help
define the waters there as compared to those over the Mendeleyev Ridge, which
we crossed earlier during the cruise. Tomorrow we will leave the northeast
reaches of the Makarov Basin and begin crossing over the very rarely visited
Alpha Ridge, where a 55-hour Geotraces "superstation" is planned. Part of the
area we traversed here from the Pole was not passable on my previous
expeditions due to very heavy ice. The ice has changed over the past decade to
the point where Healy has been able to work here solo. Still, the going has
sometimes been tough, but we do keep on going. The Healy has plowed through
long stretches of ice which appeared to be roughly two meters thick. There is
quite a bit of snow on the ice, which impedes motion by increasing friction on
the ship's hull. The result has been some slow, long hauls between stations.  
  
Our measurement work is a methodical process, following a planned and
practiced suite of well-honed procedures. Sometimes the ice or the Arctic cold
has its say. Today the skies cleared - the sun on the ice is beautiful - but
meanwhile under those clear dry skies the air cooled quickly, temperature
dropped to well below 10째F, and we needed to improvise a bit to keep sensors
and samples from freezing. I confess that while we were later sampling water
in the near-freezing rosette staging bay, I was thinking of the present heat
wave back home - perhaps both we and those at home would have gladly switched
places for at least a few minutes of relief.  
  
Support from the ship continues to be excellent. We have enthusiastic, capable
deck and MST crews that make rosette handling a nearly hands-off business for
the SIO and STARC tech teams. Crew and science team alike are busy. The part
of the program I oversee (the water column temperature, salinity, dissolved
oxygen, and nutrient measurements) is going very well. This is a long cruise,
but we have passed "hump day" - the halfway point. We press on with the
CTD/hydro work, adapting it as needed to any adjustments made by the chief
scientist and Geotraces leaders. For my part, I find the sameness of the work
days helps the weeks go by, meanwhile feeling quite satisfied with our
progress.  
  
  
  
  
All is well.  
  
  
  
  
Jim Swift  
  
Research Oceanographer  
  
UCSD Scripps Institution of Oceanography


