---
layout: post
title: "Arctic Geotraces 2015 Weekly Science Report from Jim Swift, CTD/hydrographic Scientist, Week 6"
date: 2015-09-23 17:17:14 +0000
---
USCGC Healy Cruise HLY-1502

US Arctic Geotraces

Weekly CTD/Hydrographic Team Report 06

from Jim Swift, UCSD/SIO, CTD/hydro team scientific leader at sea

Sunday, 20 September 2015, 1:30 pm, local date and time (2115 20
September UTC)

82째23'N, 149째33'W (over the northern Canada Basin)

air -4.3 degC / 24 degF

water -1.5 degC / 29 degF

wind 7 knots from W

en route to station 045 (a repeat hydrography station)

Note: This is a hydrography-oriented report from Jim Swift, who is working
with the SIO Oceanographic Data Facility (ODF) CTD/hydrographic team on the US
Geotraces Arctic Ocean expedition led by Dr. David Kadko, FIU, chief
scientist. This is not a report from Dr. Kadko or the other science teams.

Dear Colleagues,  
  
We have completed our crossing of waters above the Alpha Ridge and early
tomorrow will be engaged on a station which begins a long track south toward
Alaska across the Canada Basin of the Arctic Ocean, one of the more nearly
isolated areas of the World Ocean. The crossing of the Alpha Ridge - the
bathymetric boundary between the northern Makarov Basin and the northern
Canada Basin - came out nicely in the CTD/hydrographic data. Even in that far
north reach of the Makarov Basin its ties to the Atlantic-dominated Eurasian
sector were clear, contrasting with a greater degree of isolation from that
influence on the south side of the ridge.  
  
On my longer research cruises, there has been a point well into the cruise
where problems of various sorts pop up. We seem be dealing with a touch of
that: the wear and tear of weeks of work in the Arctic is evident in equipment
quirks (and failures) and a few data issues which defy untangling. One also
sees on some faces traces of dealing with the sameness and oddities of
shipboard life and being away. But everyone adapts to this twilight zone and
pushes through together to the finale.  
  
Speaking of twilight, during the past week the sun began going below the
horizon every evening. In the wee hours the dim, flat natural light makes it
more difficult to navigate the ship through heavy ice fields. The transition
from 24-hour light to day-and-night comes very quickly if one is heading south
from the Pole near the equinox, as we are doing. Will we first run out of
heavy ice cover or will we run out of sufficient light to drive through heavy
ice at night? Considering that the autumnal equinox is almost upon us with its
12 daily hours of sun below the horizon, I'm guessing that darkness will hold
up our progress some, though we plan to do station work when the ship must
stop during darkness. (The navigators in the aloft conning station must be
able to see pressure ridges sufficiently well in advance to avoid them. The
ship has searchlights, but I'm told their reach is often not quite far
enough.)  
  
The ship's two evaporators supply the large quantities of fresh water required
for the 145 persons on board, including for the galley, showers, laundry, and
labs. One of them went out of service last week, and so we are now on the same
water restrictions we abide by on long 'super stations' - very short showers,
paper plates &amp; plastic tableware, and no laundry. My guess is that the
situation is sustainable in that the laundry was opened for 24 hours today.  
  
We have had snowy weather. The deck crew shovels and salts the decks, but some
areas of the decks are icy. We certainly feel as though winter is chasing us
south. We also experienced a week of cold (around -12째C/10째F), and that took
its toll on science operations. For example, the CTD/hydro program's rosette
water sampler, loaded with electronics, is stored between casts in a two-deck-
high space called the starboard staging bay, which has a tall roll-up 'garage
door'. The motor mechanism which raises and lowers that door stopped working
last week. There is a hand crank mechanism to very slowly raise the door above
the height of the rosette, requiring at least 15 minutes of hard labor - the
deck crew takes turns. Meanwhile this exposed the rosette's electronics to the
cold air for longer than desirable. We compensated by blowing warm air (from a
large ducted heater-fan) onto the electronics right up until launch over the
side, but this does not always work well enough. The dissolved oxygen sensor
in particular is freeze-sensitive and we are slowly going through our
inventory of spares to replace cold-damaged units. On last night's cast,
however, the door motor worked! The Geotraces trace metal clean rosette is
stored outdoors (partly to keep it clear of contaminants), and even though it
is covered and has heaters in critical places, it has suffered more from the
cold, and yesterday the CTD on that rosette failed. A spare unit has been
installed and measurements will go on.  
  
Over the Alpha Ridge we traversed what is likely the heaviest ice overall we
will encounter this cruise. But the navigators in the aloft control station
were always able to spot a feasible route, avoiding heavy, impassible pressure
ridges. Sometimes it took some back-and-ram operations to get through a
thicker, older ice floe, but, still, progress was remarkable for a single
icebreaker in this domain. For example, Healy made it solo through some areas
last week that were too tough for Healy and Oden together in 2005; hence Healy
may be the first surface ship to gather scientific data from some of these
areas. Once we were over the south portion of the ridge, there were many-
miles-long, wide leads that Healy followed. Watching from the bridge, it was
almost like navigating a river with 'shores' of ice on either side - a
remarkable experience.  
  
As we were plowing through the ice the other day, we came across a polar bear
- appeared to be a relatively young one - who first moved away but then came
right up to the ship as we motored by. (I'll attach a couple of photos.) Then
something spooked the bear, who took off at a speed that impressed and alarmed
those who work on the ice - that bear could really move!

The galley keeps the food coming - lots of baked goods including bakery
quality pastries, good soups, and some nice salads such as cous-cous with
vegetables, and one made from asparagus, blue cheese, and croutons. Some items
are in short supply but most of these are of the type to be expected on a long
voyage.  
  
This week my closing line is, "All is well, but we hope the second evaporator
is back in operation soon."  
  
  
  
Jim Swift  
  
Research Oceanographer  
  
UCSD Scripps Institution of Oceanography  
  
  
  
We are still restricted to 100k total message size in and out. I've squeezed
in two photos of that inquisitive young bear. The close up was taken by Cory
Mendenhall, US Coast Guard, and the photo of people photographing the bear was
taken by Croy Carlin, OSU.


