---
layout: post
title: "Arctic Geotraces 2015 Weekly Science Report from Jim Swift, CTD/hydrographic Scientist, Week 9"
date: 2015-10-12 16:31:58 +0000
---
USCGC Healy Cruise HLY-1502

US Arctic Geotraces

Weekly CTD/Hydrographic Team Report 09

final report from Jim Swift, UCSD/SIO, CTD/hydro team scientific leader
at sea

Sunday, 11 October 2015, 3:00 pm, local date and time (2300 11 October
UTC)

54.3°N, 166.4°W (about 26 miles north of Dutch Harbor in the Aleutian
Islands)

air 6 degC / 43 degF

water 9 degC / 48 degF

wind 26 knots from W

on final approach to Dutch Harbor, Alaska

Note: This is a hydrography-oriented report from Jim Swift, who is working
with the SIO Oceanographic Data Facility (ODF) CTD/hydrographic team on the US
Geotraces Arctic Ocean expedition led by Dr. David Kadko, FIU, chief
scientist. This is not a report from Dr. Kadko or the other science teams.  
  
  
  
  
  
Dear Colleagues,  
  
Our final days of station work on HLY-1502 continued the wait-for-a-weather-
window theme of the previous week, although science operations transpired
without incident during the times we were able to work. Working over the stern
- required at Geotraces stations - was restricted to wind and sea conditions
unlikely to result in problems with the oceanographic cables, and with fall
storms in the area those times were fewer than hoped. But Geotraces did manage
a sequence of three slope stations (≈ 3465, 1000, and 85 meters) and a 35
meter shelf station. Repeat hydrography, which uses the starboard A-frame and
could work in a somewhat broader weather window, added casts at 2600, 1600,
500, 300, 160, and 68 meters. These stations sum to a fine hydrographic
section across the abrupt Canada Basin - slope - Beaufort shelf transitions.  
  
The ODF CTD/rosette program went well right to the end. Over the course of a
64-day expedition there were very few rosette problems, the analysts
maintained outstanding data quality (there were only a few nutrients or oxygen
values coded 'bad' the entire cruise), and there was excellent attention to
data processing. The CTD/hydrographic data the science teams will carry home
is ready for initial research use, with little change expected from the few
final data processing steps remaining ashore.  
  
Following completion of the CTD/hydrographic work, after waiting a bit for
acceptable flying weather, two officials from the Department of Homeland
Security (which includes the Coast Guard) were brought out by helicopter from
Barrow to ride the ship to Dutch Harbor. The next day a crew member was flown
ashore for medical attention, and then the Healy began a fast transit to Dutch
Harbor. Winds have often been above 20 knots, and there was a stretch where
sustained winds of about 40 knots were recorded, but fortune has smiled upon
us: the winds have been behind us, giving us a fast and relatively comfortable
"downhill" ride almost all the way.  
  
In the early parts of the past week, there were partly clear nights several
times, with active auroras. Even the rarer pinkish aurora was seen (see
attached photo).  
  
Last night the science team cooked dinner. The Healy has an excellent galley
staff, but we held our own with a meal of coq au vin (for which we used the
last of the ship's onions and carrots), rice, grilled corn, macaroni and
cheese, dinner rolls, and ice cream cookie sandwiches. It was a fun time for
the science team and all hands seemed to enjoy the dinner.  
  
We should arrive in port early this evening, a half day a‹head of schedule
(thanks to those tail winds). The Dutch Harbor port period will be very busy
for most on the science team, who are leaving the ship. Nearly all unloading
will take place when the ship returns to Seattle in November.  
  
A wide range of scientific inquiry will be made possible by the new repeat
hydrography data. Preliminary analyses show that the mean temperatures in the
layer defined between the sigma-0 27.8 and 28.05 isopycnals - which
corresponds roughly to the density of the northern source of Denmark Strait
Overflow Water - warmed considerably between 1994 and 2015 over the Chukchi
Borderlands and in Makarov Basin, but there was little change between 2005 and
2015 from the Southern Canada Basin to the crest of the Alpha Ridge.  
  
There were some strong changes in the halocline waters on the outbound
section. For example the maximum in dissolved silicate, which lies in the
halocline (roughly 150 meters) and well above the DSOW layer, showed large
Makarov Basin 1994 to 2015 cruise-to-cruise differences, but small changes
over 2005 to 2015 in the Canada Basin. And as is known from other recent
studies, surface salinities over the two Canadian sector basins are now much
fresher than they were in the past, yet we found that the lower intermediate
water salinities are often a little higher now. There are exciting results in
the ocean carbon and CFC/SF6 data as well.  
  
All of this would not have been possible without the enthusiastic and capable
support provided by Captain Hamilton, the officers &amp; crew of USCGC Healy,
and the science teams. I owe them and the US Coast Guard and National Science
Foundation my heartfelt thanks for making these outstanding sections across
the Makarov and Canada basins possible.  
  
A few reflections in closing...  
  
I have long been interested in the polar regions, and I am also drawn to
hydrography, a word oceanographers use to encompass both the measurement of
temperature, salinity, and other properties of seawater and also the
interpretation of those data to describe aspects of the nature and circulation
of ocean waters. A stroke of great good fortune brought me to Knut Aagaard, my
graduate advisor at the University of Washington, who remains my oceanographic
mentor and stout friend. And Joe Reid generously guided and supported me at
the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, providing me not only the opportunity
to work with him and his group, but also to study the World Ocean itself. I
have since enjoyed an exciting career working with visionary scientists and
supportive ship operators, and been honored to participate on great voyages
with wonderfully talented technical teams, thinking especially of the SIO
Oceanographic Data Facility measurement specialists to whom I owe so much.  
  
The plans for USCGC Healy Cruise 1502 represented a once in a lifetime
opportunity to measure and interpret change in some of the world's waters I
love best. To have now sailed the oceanographically-rich track on which we
engaged has been a dream come true, and, seeing this is intended to be my
final oceanographic cruise, a fitting finale to the seagoing aspect of my
career.  
  
That the National Science Foundation and other Federal agencies which support
science at sea, the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and my family have so
wholeheartedly supported me on these endeavors for so many years is a great
privilege for which I will always be indebted. I enjoy an abiding satisfaction
that comes from doing something worthwhile, and doing it well.  
  
  
  
Jim Swift  
  
Research Oceanographer  
  
UCSD Scripps Institution of Oceanography


![][fig0]



![][fig1]




[fig0]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wBDAAUDBAQEAwUEBAQFBQUGBwwIBwcHBw8LCwkMEQ8SEhEPERETFhwXExQaFRERGCEYGh0dHx8fExciJCIeJBweHx7/2wBDAQUFBQcGBw4ICA4eFBEUHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4eHh7/wAARCAOvBQADASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAHwAAAQUBAQEBAQEAAAAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtRAAAgEDAwIEAwUFBAQAAAF9AQIDAAQRBRIhMUEGE1FhByJxFDKBkaEII0KxwRVS0fAkM2JyggkKFhcYGRolJicoKSo0NTY3ODk6Q0RFRkdISUpTVFVWV1hZWmNkZWZnaGlqc3R1dnd4eXqDhIWGh4iJipKTlJWWl5iZmqKjpKWmp6ipqrKztLW2t7i5usLDxMXGx8jJytLT1NXW19jZ2uHi4+Tl5ufo6erx8vP09fb3+Pn6/8QAHwEAAwEBAQEBAQEBAQAAAAAAAAECAwQFBgcICQoL/8QAtREAAgECBAQDBAcFBAQAAQJ3AAECAxEEBSExBhJBUQdhcRMiMoEIFEKRobHBCSMzUvAVYnLRChYkNOEl8RcYGRomJygpKjU2Nzg5OkNERUZHSElKU1RVVldYWVpjZGVmZ2hpanN0dXZ3eHl6goOEhYaHiImKkpOUlZaXmJmaoqOkpaanqKmqsrO0tba3uLm6wsPExcbHyMnK0tPU1dbX2Nna4uPk5ebn6Onq8vP09fb3+Pn6/9oADAMBAAIRAxEAPwD7LooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooASlFFV7+6isbKe7nbbFBG0jn0VQSf0FAbliivnp/wBpUJ8GLP4jN4LlB1DW/wCyrHTzqHzT8EmTf5XH3SMYPPevQfjD8WfD3wu8KWus+I4rlrq8Oy10+2G6WWTbll5wAFyMsfUdSQKAtqeiUV4h8If2itC8deNT4N1Hw7q/hnW5IzJbQX4GJgF3begIbb8wBGCAeaZ8VP2jtA8HeNJfB2j+HdY8VaxbKWvItPX5YMDJXOCWYAgnAwMjnqKAPcqK8/8Agh8VvDnxY8NzavoKXNtLayiG8tLlQJIHIyOnBUjOD7HoRivQKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAr5w/bjtLNfBP9tP4+vdCvLO0lS30q2uAn9pF3RSCuQWABOevBNfR9fPX7aPw7v8Ax5ofhyHQvDU2qaqmpLG93EebS2YfvMjcBgnb6/dpMa3PlWXwjorXHwz8Nn4mM1pq6fbNRU3aG20ZmIJx82FfG7rg5A9a+5LjwZ4Yvfh7ol/dadbeOr/QdOE2lX1wBJNcyKoZWV89XZVPUjp1rxnSP2dNAuv2jNRjufArW/gKy0hVg8yVxHdXWEBYHfuz8znsPl/PX8eeH/jN8N/iXZ618M7K68S+C47JbWHw8b1hFZgIF2hCw/uhlf5iMkH3d9LC66nEfA++1L4p/ta3Xifxz5Ph7XfD1sVt9ESF1c7QyEEt12+YWOeTkYGBXqPxj1/4YfAa41TxhpmiWzeONejkWGBJXZ7gs+4yOCTsj3YJIA3YAHtjfAX4ceP4viL4l+NXxD0yO2169tpFstHgddxyoABOSF+VFRcknkk4rx2DwN+0WfirP8SNW+G0Wuau8jSQx6lLDLDbnPybEEoxsHCjnHXqM0hs93/Yn+H+v+FPCGr+JvE0L2up+J7lbs2jJsaKIbipZf4WYux29hj6V9Cd64n4Mah481PwRFe/EfSbTStdeeUNa24G1IwcITh3GTgnr3FdrVMkWiiikMKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAorE1/VL6zvrKx0+1t55rrzCTPMyKgRQT91SSeR+tQfbfFH/AD5aN/4Fy/8AxugDoqK537b4o/58tG/8C5f/AI3R9t8Uf8+Wjf8AgXL/APG6AOiornftvij/AJ8tG/8AAuX/AON0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8boA6Kiud+2+KP+fLRv8AwLl/+N0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8AG6AOiornftvij/ny0b/wLl/+N0fbfFH/AD5aN/4Fy/8AxugDoqK537b4o/58tG/8C5f/AI3R9t8Uf8+Wjf8AgXL/APG6AOiornftvij/AJ8tG/8AAuX/AON0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8boA6Kiud+2+KP+fLRv8AwLl/+N0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8AG6AOiornftvij/ny0b/wLl/+N0fbfFH/AD5aN/4Fy/8AxugDoqK537b4o/58tG/8C5f/AI3R9t8Uf8+Wjf8AgXL/APG6AOiornftvij/AJ8tG/8AAuX/AON0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8boA6Kiud+2+KP+fLRv8AwLl/+N0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8AG6AOiornftvij/ny0b/wLl/+N0fbfFH/AD5aN/4Fy/8AxugDoqK537b4o/58tG/8C5f/AI3R9t8Uf8+Wjf8AgXL/APG6AOiornftvij/AJ8tG/8AAuX/AON0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8boA6Kiud+2+KP+fLRv8AwLl/+N0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8AG6AOiornftvij/ny0b/wLl/+N0fbfFH/AD5aN/4Fy/8AxugDoqK537b4o/58tG/8C5f/AI3R9t8Uf8+Wjf8AgXL/APG6AOiornftvij/AJ8tG/8AAuX/AON0fbfFH/Plo3/gXL/8boA6Kiud+2+KP+fLRv8AwLl/+N1Bf614g0+2N3dafpbwJIgkEd1Ju2s4XIzHgnn2oA6migUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUE4oAYcegrye5+P/w8tvi2nw6l1NRdkeW17uH2ZLnPFuX7N79AflzmvIv2vP2jBo4u/APgK9B1MgxanqcL/wDHsOhijI/5adi38PQc5K/MXgfwzkJq2pDe7fPFGTn/AIEfU1z4nEww8Oef9M9jIsjxOdYpYfDr1fSK7v8ARdXoffvhv4+fD7XvipefD6x1PN5FhLe7JH2e7mBO+KNu7DAx2bnGcDPq3GOO9flL410KKzn/ALU0mYRTIwdoo2wyMOdy46c19dfsk/tEx+LoLfwP43u1j8RxqEsr2QgLqCgcKx7S/wDof16vD14YiCnEyznKK+U4uWFrWbXVapruv8t09D6iooBzRW55gUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHPa7/AMjZon/XO6/9AStCs/Xf+Rs0T/rndf8AoCVoUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRXIeOviZ4E8DX1tY+LPElppVzcxGWGOZJGLoGK7vlU8ZBH4GgDr6K8wi/aA+DcjhF8f6VknA3JMo/MpXoejanp2tabb6npF/bahY3C7obi2lDxuM9Qw6+n+FAFyiuW8HfEPwX4w1O/0zwz4gttTu9PGbqOJJAYhuKZJZQDyCOK6mgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACsfxj/yLlz/ANdIf/RyVsVj+Mf+Rcuf+ukP/o5KAOoHT8aWkHT8aWgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKCcUABOK+SP2vv2jP7FF34B8BXwOpsDFqWpQt/wAeo6GKMj/lp6t/D0HPR/7Xn7Rg0QXXgLwFfA6qQYtS1KFv+PT1ijP/AD09W/h6Dnp5X+zx8GGvI4fGnjK3JgJEthYzKSZu4lkB/h9B36njrpSpSqS5YkVKkaceaRR+BHwpV44/GfjKHFuo8+0tJh9/HPmyD+73C9+p9/Qde8Aadqd/pkkBuNJvta1NI5BbsFREYM7/ACEFd/lxnkY+Y16RqUAvb6OzTAWMLNc+hGfkT8SM/RfesLxva6pi1uNKkVNR05J9StiTlWeNNoUgdmDuPxHpXqY/BqeW1aNFJzs+W6Xx2dnrpo9u2tznweYV8Pio1qc5QfeLa07XTT9e+h0elnTdLgl0TwT4ThvYbJjFPKXWGBZAOVaVgWlfn5iAcE8nNfNH7Sfw9k8PalD4p0rQbrQmuZsy28DiWBJfvb4pFxs6E7SBjquRwPa2s9M8SanpHhi41KWy8M2WlxhVDBF1C7ZVd18w8Eojhj3JdiOhNWU8EwalB4i0Hwxrt9a6ZFHBFZ+bdvd2qXIDGSPbIWBCkRElTlWZh2xX8/ZRjFk+K9vObV7Od1J3Tdrt3tzfasou217pn01eDxMbJXd3azW9tdN7dLvfcs/sj/tEx+MILbwR42u0j8RxqEsrxzgago/hY9pgB/wP65z9P9R0Ffmn8Xvhtc6dbnxt4YtZbSCOVv7Qsoj8+nXEblXKEfwBweR93g9CMfR/7I/7RCeMorfwT42u0j8SRqEs7xztGoKB90/9Nf8A0L69f2ucHGzTumrprZp9U+x4UZKS06fgz6fooyCKKkoKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe13/kbNE/653X/oCVoVn67/AMjZon/XO6/9AStCgAooooAKKKKACs/xDq0Oh6TLql1b3U1vAVMxtovMeOMkBpNvUqudxxk4BwDitCs7xHq0Wi6TLqElvdXRQqkcFrGXlmkY4RFHqSRycAckkAGgCvrfibSdK0a31R5zdxXhRLGO0xK9678osIH3yw59AASSADjYGcAkYJAJBIODjpXk2ieHNS8E6qPGOo2MV3a3PmC506yRpF0BZH3FrRf40Jx5wAyx+ZAACp9ZUhgCDkEZBHQ8daAFooooAKKKKACiiigBDwDntzXxH8cF0vx9+2vp3hzWJof7H09rayujNKI08tEMsoJyMZLMK+3GKqNzkBF5YnoAOpP4A18FfBHwLo/x1+OXjfVPExvG01XmvM20uxi8k+2MZweNufyoA9R+NfgH9mvw78OdavYYNHttS+ySDTxYas0s7XBU+WFQOcjdjORjGapfsXa1eeFf2ePG3iTWI55NG0+eW5tYy5XeUh/eqh7ZbYMjua8v+JHwy8JfBz4+aLaeJ7KfW/AupbZIzNKySRoTtfcyY3GNiGx/EpHrX0L+2DeaX4Q/ZouNF0KC1sLK+nttPtIrZAsaxlvNYKB2Kx9f9r3oAo/sv6z4Is/hh4v+Ivh7wPJ4Zt4C4uVk1J7proQRmTIZgNo3SEfj7VS8MftU3HinR7oeG/hhreqa7E2fsFnM06JCFBMskgTK8nAUDnB5HGef1T/ihv8Agn7b24zHda7GoO7gk3MxY/8AkNa7v9lnTbTwB+zAPFEkEcdzdWl1rN0+MF1UN5QJ9Aqrge59aANz9nD432nxcTVLOTRJNH1bTQjSwecZUdGYqGBIBBBGCD6iue8RftF3154v1Lw38Mvh5qnjOTS2K3d3E7JECCQdoVSSMggEkZwcDvXBfsE/YNI8O+N/iBr99BY2z3EFtJd3LhI1xmRiWPTLMo/EVUPwh8aaXqepfEP9nX4gQalpd3NIz28FxsfKsWMR3Dy5QpJxuweR65oA9n+A/wAdLT4ka5qHhnUvDd94c8RWCs8lpMxdHCnDgEgFWXIyrevHQ4yviJ+0TBpvjmbwP4B8I6h42122LLcraMViidfvKCoLPt6E8Aep5rH/AGZPjF4k+IXhrxhY6xplnH4k0eze4S9tIBH9pYq4G8Lx5gdRyOD6cc+Mfsh6V8VL8+JNU+HWr+GLa8MkcWoDVYjJOQdzAjCNhSc59wPSgD6S+Bvx1tPiD4jv/CGteHbzwx4nsVZ3sbhywkVcb8bgGV1yMqR05B6gey18q/CXwV4p1P8AaaHjzxF448D6tqlgk0ep2mjXJM4KwmHBj2AcEgE57d6+qRQAtFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVj+Mf+Rcuf+ukP/o5K2Kx/GP/ACLlz/10h/8ARyUAdQOn40tIOn40tABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRQTigBCeK+Tf2vP2jBoK3XgLwFfBtWIMWo6jC2RaDvHGf+enqf4fr0f+15+0Wvh9LrwH4DvQ2sMDHqOowtkWYxzHGf8Anp6n+H69PJ/2dPgx9vaDxt42tybUnzrGxnHNwc5EsgP8HoD97r063TpynKy3IqVI043ZJ+zj8Fjem38a+NLUtbEiXT7Cdcmc9RLID/B3A/i6njr9G6reR29vJPIT5cQLNjqT2A9+gA9xT7q9XkEhQR+P09hWDd3LXmpLDGMQWhEkhPO6THyL9FB3fivvXvYXCOnFd2eROpKrK8vu7GhpkEkEBefBuZ2Ms2OgYgfL9FAC/h71gN4s8Opr8sjatCYorURiZI3eLdvJb94qlcDgHnuPWofF+o24aG11YTSaUltcX+oQwqd9xFDtxDx0Vndd3baDnA3UkelapcFNdF5FaeIAoNp5OTa20WOLUIMBoSOGPVid3ZcediMXjZ4ueFwVNS9nHmk5Oyu03GCtd3aV23pHTdux5+Z5tgcppU6uNk17SVkkr2Wl5PyV1fvskaPgCLw9GdS8IzW1lNaXl1JqWnRTKssVzDJhmCbshij5GB0BBHB47e8n07w/or3FybfTdNtUyTsEcca+gA/IAckn3rx/UBpOp2nm2enCCx1S1nvvsRGVtby2mRJmiI6K+4fMmAdpPG41uJo+h2pXUpULrAPOjmvrt5VgBA+YeYxCdRzxX5lV8PVxJW/tClVdKnOTc4SV3GabjNKzs9U9bL57H2sM5+p01TceZpK0ls01o++zE8MyNc2+oT3Ns9tNeX893JbTKN0azNuRWHugGR67h2NfP/xz+FM3hu5bxd4SjkTTlkEs8EJIexfOd6Ec+Xnv/D9MY9rvPGvhJbyO5g8R6a8qfJMokIEkZPOCRglTyOfX1FdWdksWPkkjdfZldSP1BB/Wv2OlgcPLCxw1NpqCUU1raysr/L8vQ8CVSrSqe0kmnLVpq17/ANaMofsjftExeM4IPBPjW7WPxJGoSzvHIC6iAPun0l/9C+uc/TvX3r82vjr8KZ/DV03i7wlHJHpyyCWeGEkPZPnO9cchM4P+yfbFfRX7I/7REfjS3t/BXjS6SLxLEu20u3IA1FQOh/6aj/x7r1yK+fr0J0ZuMkejCcZx5kfTlFAOaKxLCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe13/kbNE/653X/oCVoVn67/AMjZon/XO6/9AStCgAooooAKKKKACgexxniiigAHUHoR0ooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAqaxZnUdIvbDz5Lf7VbyQ+dGAWj3KV3DPUjOa8++BHwb0L4RWurRaPqN9qEmqPE00t0iKyiMNhRt/3ify9K9MooA88+OXwm0L4s6HY6ZrN3d2TWNyZ4bi1VS43Lhk+bseD+ArD8f/AvTvGvw78M+C9X8Vaz9m0AER3CRxGS4+QIhfIxlVGBivX6KAPMviv8HNG+IPgTQ/B1zq2oabp2jmMw/ZkQs+yLy13bvQEn8TW9rfgLT9Q+Ez/DmG9urHTzpkenCeFVMixqFGeeMkLg/U119FAHn3w1+E3hnwX8NbrwCFk1fSr2SZ7wXqrmcSgAghemAoAPsDXltx+yXo1tPdxeHfiF4p0bTLpsy2SMrqR/dyCu4duQa+k6KAOH+Dnwu8LfCzw/JpXhuKd5LhxJd3lywae4YA7c4wAFycAccnrk5878afsxeG9U8VXniHwv4m1vwhPfkm6h08gxOWOW2jIKg5PGSPTFe+UUAeffBf4ReE/hXplxBoMdxc313j7XqF2waebB4XjhUyT8o/HPFeg0UUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVj+Mf+Rcuf+ukP/o5K2Kx/GP8AyLlz/wBdIf8A0clAHUDp+NLSDp+NLQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRQTigBCa+Uv2vP2i18OJdeA/Al6G1pgY9R1CJsizHeND/AM9PU/w/XpJ+15+0UvhqO68CeBbxX1tgY9Q1CJgRZA9Y0P8Az19T/B9enjP7PXwf/tJofGnjS3Z7QnzrKymzm5Oc+bJn/ln6D+L6ddKVKVWXLEipUjTjzMl/Z1+DP9otD428bW7NaMfNsbGYZNyc5EsgP8HoP4vp1+jr+9LMVQ4xxx0H+RUV3dtKdqHjGMgYAHoPQVUr6bB4GNFXluePVqyqSu/+GIb+5+y2zzspkbgIg5LsSAq/iSB+dJYW5tbYRO/mSEl5ZP77k5Y/0/AVCubrUy5H7mzJA9GmI5P0UHH1J9Kg8V65a+HdEn1S6VpAmEjhQgNLIT8qD0z69gCe1dkpxinUk7JJ6vZJbv8Art5ip051JRpwTcm0kkrtt6JJdW/1JtSju47qz1TTY4p72xZ8W8rBUuYpF2yQk/w5ABB6AqM8GuXS9052XSbW81Kz8OzgyG1NhcG+gXJ3WkRRSpRjkBw3yrlR/CR59qni/wAV6lcNNJrVxYLn5bewby0QfX7zH3Jq94S8e6xoLw2+p3MupaSuEbeAZ7dem5SPvgdSpznnBr8+xeMy3HY91aNadGco8kpRslJdLp3s078st1fsff47wxzeOXqriqEKkYNTUL3lFrXRJWfnG7v5nrFtHLqGpHUbnT1061S1Fjp9gNube3zyW28B2wPlHChVHXNeQ6rNrnjfxTZ+FrQBktpTZ28MjERM8WRJcSY6gbTjrgAY5Y17dDKjpHNC6yIQroynKsOCCD3B45968Z0e2s9E+KuoaLrl5Lp9nqC3VsLtJAhjjujmKUN2GfkPbkg8V1cQYRZPkscPgU1CN11bejd3azbb1avdvTqcHCteM8ZXxVRKVWMHKCaVlJOKbSd03GLlJXTSte2hoN4J0NGN0J9X1HQrXdFd6lDIqSSNnDTQQhSrQxnIOclvmIPyjOz4St9S8F+L4vB15frqWj6lbNd6JdpypVeSo54yDnA44BXhiK6Qatc6UR4eudPU+IYtsFrYQDal2P4JYz0EOBlj/wAs9pB6DOLNoGfHHhvw/p+ome58Lw3mo39xHxDBcXXEduq/wpncdnZOvWvLwzw+CzDArLsQ6ntItzWjvFK/tHbSPve7bbXZOLZ8rlvEOe5xHG085ptRhK0HJ3s+yvvpZ8ysne21ku9tYVcSCWIMrAqQ6gggjke4r5k+PnwjuPC12/jDwckqaYsglnhhJD2D5zvUjnZnv/D9K+oLC5W7tllVDGxJV426o4OCp+hHX6etaC20bRssyLIGBDKwBUgjoR3HtX3GLjGvH3t+nkZ0qsqUvzRyn7JH7REXja3t/BfjO7SLxNEgW1unIC6ioHQ+ko7j+LqOcivpmvzn/aD+D1x4SvH8Z+DY5Y9LWQSzQwsQ+nvnIdcc+XnBB/hPtivoH9kn9oeHxzbweDPGV0kPieJAtrcuQq6ioH6SgDkfxdR3FfP1KcoSsz14TjUjzRPpiigHNFQWFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBz2u/8jZon/XO6/wDQErQrP13/AJGzRP8Arndf+gJWhQAUUUUAFFFFABRRVe/vbTT7OW8vrqC0tYRukmmkVEQepY8AUAWKK4qx+K/w4vb8WVv400Zp2O0BrjYrH0DMApP412gIIBHI60JpjlGUd7p+YtFFFAgooooAKKKKACiiuZ+Ivjrwv8P9BOteKtUjsbUnZGu0vJO2PuRoOWPf274oA6aivmZv2yvAIvfLXw14ka13Y879yDj127v617r8OfG/hr4g+HY9d8Lait5aM/luCpSSF+CUkU8q3P8AhQB0lFfO+tftdfDnS9ZvdMk0jxFO9pcSQNJDHCUcoxXcuXzg4yKpj9sn4a/9AHxR/wB+4f8A4ugD6UorkF+InhqD4Z2XxB1m6OiaNeWkd0hvcCQCQZRdq53OR0UZ614xe/tkfD2HUTBbaB4iubZTj7RtiQkeoQtnH1oA+lqK5n4b+OvDPxC8Npr/AIX1AXdoW8uRWXZJA4Ayjr/C3IPfOeK6agAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArH8Y/8i5c/wDXSH/0clbFY/jH/kXLn/rpD/6OSgDqB0/GlpB0/GloAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiignFACE18sftd/tFL4XjufAngW8VtedTHqF/E2RYg9UQ/wDPX1P8H+991/7Xf7RKeE4rnwN4HvFfxA6mO/vomyLBT1RT/wA9vf8Ag/3unz78LPhjYL4duviN8SYbttFijM8Vou7zroMwHmtyDtyeOQW69Ot06bm7ImU1FanKfBCy0G88ZXWpeLprZrLT7KW+8u6mAW4mXGxDnl8k5298V798M/iDf6v8K7zxX4hnhvLi1eVnt7KJVdUXARCi9CSDjPbHpXzqL7wGdJ8XSHS5xe3NwBoUYDbLeLeclju67SODnpXvX7PWo+C7bwY39iv9iuY0hXU5rqQRCWfa33dzdOSOPb1r1ctdp2TS0fXr0002ttfb1OLFK65nfdf187/gcxefFb4l2ejQeMrrwzpcPhye58pImB83HOOc7ucEBsYyDxXdfEj4nW/hvwxpN9pNp9v1LW40fTrZj/Cyg72A5PLAYHU/Q587/aOTXbfxRp03iS9kuPBdxeAxWdnKEdNqrvyNv3zkkHkckcVbkjtdb/ag0yxhCjTdCtY1to8HaFii3ADP+0w/L2rpVarCUqak27pK+93u15W2/q8OEWlOysk3pt5L17m54F8c+L9J8c2Hgbx3o9nbS38Qe0nt8ZDEE/PgkNkgg9wa1/jr5hg0A8+R9pmz6eZ5Y2/jjf8ArXLa4769+1XpNtbHfHosC+cRyF2Izt+rAfU16/4o0S08Q6HLpd4zRrJho5kxuikH3XX1I9O+SO9FXDzxeDq4dS3bin6Wtf8AK525Vj4ZdmdDFzjdRak0v0v1tqvM8D70hwOvTvWzrHhLxPpN0ltNpUt8JGKxT2I3rLgE/dzuU4GcEfia0/DXw91nVrqNtat5NK01SDIjsPtE4/ugDOwHux564HevzWlkGPqV/Yum072vbT7z+mMV4gZDQwbxUa6lpdRT95+XLuuzvZLqeh/DETD4e6EJ87vsYxnrt3Ns/wDHcVD4s8L6R4h1WJdRidZHtWENxEdskTIwJwe4Ic5U8HA9M108aJHGscaLGigKqqMBVAwAPQcAYqnqn7uawue0dyqMfaQFP6iv1uVCLoqnNXSSTvrdKyd/kfyqsTONd1qbcZXb0vp+u5y2l+A9bt2htE+I3iGGxjQxxxwKiSIhxlFkOSoOB93HQV3HhzQ9K8O6b/Z+lW4giLmSQs2+SWQ9Xdjy7HuTVTU77+zrQ3PkvPKHWOGGMgNNKzBUjGehYkc9uT2rUtfC2sXUQm1bxRf2ty3Jg0ry44Iv9nLIWkx/eY8+g6V8ZnmcZFwo4upFRlPpGPvO3V7aer3vbqd1GjjM0bd7pbt2Sv8AJb/IeoFleLeYAt7lhHOT0R+AknsDwpP+6exrX9sYPoawYBfabqY0DXZI7+2vo5DZ3ioIzNtXLwyqvAcL8wZcBgDwCvOjpckih7G4kMlxbAAOessZzsf9MH3B9Rn0svzPDZnQjisLLmhLrtZrdNPVNPdf8A8/E4epQm4VFZr8ujLciJJG0ciK6OCrKygqykcgjuOcV8o/tA/B278IXbeNvBaTJpSSiWaGEkPpz5BDqRz5ecYP8PHbBr63RAoyeTSyxpLG0UiK8bAqysoKspHII7jnpWlblqK34mdKvKlK626o4n9kj9oaHx1aw+DfGNykPiiFAttcMQF1FQP0lA6j+LqO4H0qDn6V+dX7QnwcuvBt63jXwSs0elpIJpYoGIk0585DqRz5eeh/h47YNfQX7Jf7QsPjyzg8IeL7iOHxTAm2CdsKuooB1HYSgdV78kdwPMlFxdme1TqRqRUovQ+lKKBzRUlhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBz2u/wDI2aJ/1zuv/QErQrP13/kbNE/653X/AKAlaFABRRRQAUUUUAHXAHJzgV8YfHjxveeNPHF7a/aHGhaVcvbWVsGOx3RirzsP4mLAgE9FAxjJz9ng4YHrgg18H/EPQbrwt481zQrxSrRXks8LH/lrBK7PG49cg4+oI7V5WcTnHD+5or9D77w4w2Fr5v8Av7Nxi3G+17rVJ7tK7X377YTKrKVZVKnggivef2TvHF/Hq8ngLUbiS5snt3uNLMjFmgKY8yEE9UIO5R/DtYdCAPBq9Y/ZW0K71P4of23HGfsejWsplk5x5sylET3O0ux9AB6ivFyidRYlKOz3P0/xEw2FqZLUqVkuaNuV9U21ovVX/rU+taKKK+vP5yCiiigAooooAAMkAdScD86+K0tV/aD/AGuNQstYkll8K+HBKq2yuQrQwuEx7GSQ5Y9cHHYV9qAhWU/3SCfpmvhz4M+IrD4J/tM+LtJ8cs+n2l950CXjxsUQNMJYpDgElGHcdMj0NAH0/wCKtY+DvhuzfwZ4iuPCOl2xtlDaZcJHGvlNnHy7eAcHBrj/ANmDwP4A8Kap4gu/AHxBbxJb3IQXNnG6NFbfOxiORyWAyue/P4ed/tH6p+zfrltrXiifWE13xZc2RjsksbuZ1Mqx7YshQEVRwTk84NdP/wAE+9BOn/CTUtakTEmramdhIxmOFAoI9tzN+tAGl+2w2i6B8Cb8W2l6bb3eqXsFnHJHbRq/LGRyCBn7qH860/2SPBmk2HwB8Oy6hpFhc3WoJJfSSTWyOxEkh2DLD+4Fry//AIKG6rNd3ngrwfa/NJM8126erMywx/r5n519U+FdKi0PwvpeiQqFjsLKG2AHAGxAv9DQB8f/ALSEl78Uv2ntC+EVncNa6Rp0kVs0cQwqM0YknkA6ZWPCj02+5r6n0z4b+A9N8Kf8Iva+E9IGkmLynhe2RmkBGCzMRlmPXd1zXyl8TtS/4VN+25H41122mOjX8i3IlSMkmGSHynZfUowJI68e4r2L4wftKeA/D3gi5uPCPiGx1zXrmIrp8NuGdI3I4klyAFC9dp5PA9SADd+AvwTsvhJqOs3GmeI77ULfVAoNrLCqJHsYlG6kkgMRnjqfavWq81/Zy1/x74p+HMPiHx9a2VrdXsm+yjgtzCxt8DDuM8Fjkj2x616VQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVj+Mf+Rcuf+ukP/o5K2Kx/GP8AyLlz/wBdIf8A0clAHUDp+NLSDp+NLQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAB4r5b/a5/aKj8JRXPgfwPeK/iB1Md9fRtkWAP8Cn/nt7/wAH+90+gNfW88RWl9o+lajcabE0ckM2pW+PNicqRiEnjcM5LdsY69PjP4b/ALO72HjjUNS8Y3ttq+nWV4y2QjbemosDnzX9E9V/iYEdB8104OcrIzqVI043kc7+z78H5NYkh8a+M4HeydvOsrSb712c582TPWPPIH8f06/Qeuedd6dd21q0ayPC6QmQfIGKkKT7A4/KtTUZMIQMAfdAAwAPT2HtWbX0+CwsacHpq+p5NWtKcrv7jxpvhBqX/CsNJ8ILf6cs0WqG91CbDYkXkBV4yeD0OK7P4p+ALDxt4cj0xJU0+4tZRLaTpGCEONu1gOoIA/IemD2VA5PHWuhYSkouNr3ST9ErL+u4vbSbUuqu/v3PEZPhZ4r1bV9Ll8deL11eO1Pl2dtEGPTBLMcDgAAk8k4Are8efDPVbvxZZ+LfBOuR6LqsEKwP5inY6hdoYcHnHBBBzx0rt21CGOYX8kc08lzIbXTraFN8s+Dk7F7liCSTgBQCSMmrzx+K4YjczeEpDABkrb6jFLcAf9c9oDH2DH2zXi43Msoy6SpYuuoSk01d69k77petl+J1U6eJrLmpxukrbaeljg/hV8ObzQ9aubRNYN1r2oR/atX1hk3GCEudscQfrI7Anc3ACk4PAr1OXwHp6wlrXWfEFvdgcXJ1F5efUxvmM/TaPwrG8Hazp0Hitr03K/YtdtYYLadsqouIWcGFs/cYhjgHB3Ky9RXoznYrM4KqASxYYAHfJPavw3xC4gzjBZ06GHqyp0opcii2lJNJuV18V3117H1GUYTDVcNzzScm3e/S3TyseV2st4/iIaXqixLqGliX7QYQfLl3KvlyqDyAyk8diGHOBnbrD068h1vx14g1+0G6xkhtLO0m7TpH5hMg/wBksxwe4APcGtyv3vh3EYnFZZRr4tWqSim9Ou2vm7XfqfJY2EIV5Rp7LQKp63GZdIulUZYRmRB/tKQw/wDQauUoxkZGR3HtXsyV00+pyrR3MrXLlIY9L1twzWthfwX0+0EkQ7WVmx3CiTfj0U+lelxvFLEkkbpJHIodHRgVZSMgg9wc1wHhcZsYIX+ZrfdCc+qMV/kB+dSJoENorLperaxo9tks1vZXgSAdSSFYEIOpwuB16V+VcfcD1eIq1LE4eoozjGzUr2au2mrJ6q78rdj38pzWOBjKnON09rbmp4uljuvFHh/S4DuuLa6OpXAXkxQrG6Dd6b2cKB3w3901Y1GKVRFe26GS4tgSEXrLGcbk/HAI9wPWub0bXPDml2pfTbPV7qK5cvLqEdpLOtyw43mZzmX0yu4enpXVaRf2Oq2y3VjcpPCSRuTghh1Ug8qR3U8138KZZhsowH1GnWjUlFtys07N76JtpKy/U4s0xFTEVvbSg4ppJXT1S8y9bzRXEEc8Lh4pFDow6FSOv5U+s63AsL82vS2uSXg9Ek5Lp7A8sB/vVojqM9K9+55LVnpsIyJIjRyxpJG6lXR1DKwPUEdwc9K+SP2hfg7deDb8+NfBKzxaSkomligY+Zp0mQQ6kc+XnGD/AA8exr66cgngY9/WopUSSJ45USSN1KurqGVlI5BHcc4xWcqamvM2pVpUZaarqu5xv7Jn7Q0Hj22g8IeLrmODxVCm2GdsKuoqB1HYSgdV78kdwPpL3r4P8Wfs7GT4paPd+E9Xi0PRb28BmmZyG0yQHcDGc5O48Jzw2AT0J+1dJkutKMGlapcyXS7Vjtr6XAecgfdkwABJxnPAb2ORXFODg7M9unUjUjzR2NyiiipLCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe13/kbNE/653X/oCVoVn67/AMjZon/XO6/9AStCgAooooAKKKKAErkfiT8OvDPj20ij1u3kju7cEW19bMEuIc9QDyCpwMqwIrr6KUoqSaaumXSqzpTU6bakndNNpp97rVP0PAbT9mXS0vN154z1We0BB8uK0ijkI9N/P5gflXs/hHw1ovhTRIdG0CwjsrOIlgiklnc9XdjyzHuTn9K16Kzp0KdL4IpX8jsxuaY3H2+s1XO213ovRbX89wooorU4AooooAKKKKACuP8AiL8M/A3xBjiHi3w9b6hLCpSG4DNHNGP7odcHb7V2FFAHknh/9nD4N6Ldi6g8IJdyKcgX1zJcIP8AgLHBr1a0tre0to7W0ght4Il2RxRRhEQDsAOAKlooA4zxZ8L/AAP4q8V2PijXtDW91axEYtpmncBBGxZflBweSTXZnkk9ycmiigDnfHngjwp460pdM8WaJa6pbod0XmAh4if4kcfMp+h/OuK8Lfs7/CDw5qaalZeE0ubiNg0ZvriS5RCDwQjHaTn1Fer0UAIOAOMAcCloooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKx/GP/IuXP/XSH/0clbFY/jH/AJFy5/66Q/8Ao5KAOoHT8aWkHT8aWgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArFuJ5dVuJLOylaO1jbZc3CHknvGh9f7zdug56LdTy6pNJY2cjx2sbbLm5Q8k940Pr6t26DnpyfiTW47uM6Nox8jTIf3cssXHnY/gT/Y9W78gd6qMXN2RnUqRpxuw8Sa3Hdxf2Po5EWmRAxyyR8efjqiH+56t35A4yawZQFVVUAAYAAGAB6ew9qkAAAAAAAAAA4A9PYVFMcv8ASvRoU1F2R4lWtKrK7+S7GTcIsqsMdSSD6Gsw8HnrWswwxB4OTVe5gDguvDAfnXu0aijo9gKNU9ULSLHYRMVkuchmB5SMY3t9eQo9yKuEhQWZgoAJJPAHv/WqWlgzb9RkUhrkDyweqRDO0e2clj9R6CumWui6/l/WgLTUueDIoX8eaiZEVWs9Lt0s1/uI8knmEenMcYP0Fd314IGK85vba6+2W+p6XdLaajbArHI6F45UbG6KReNyHAPHKkAjvnRXX/GFzEYo9E0W0fAH2p795ox7iIIrN9CR9a/AOPuBM5zDOZYvCw54TtrdLl0Ss7vbqmtD67KM2wtHDKnUdmvLfqZmoWVtP4x8Tae1rFNZTi2mmhZAyGeSM+Zx6kLGx9zmq7+GdJI8qeK8ngXGLa4vZpIBjt5bMQfxre0bTxp1s6NPLdXE0hmubmbG+eVsZc44HAAAHAAAHSrbxRyMoccZ69Mc1+t5LlsMJl+HwuKSnKnFK7Sdn5NrS23TRI+cxOJdStOcG0pNuydtPOxz2lKPP1CUAANdFAAMACNFTHt0NXxkn5QSfbmn+GIA2jxTJHkzl5iSOTvdm/qK01ifOBHj14xXtxxEVFW9fv1OWW7RnJbSsM4C/Wh7eVRnbke3Na623Xc3PbHaoXRlYgjvgHsalYlt9BaGJoitHquoxFSAJFmGRjiRQD+qH86zPiTcy+Xo2jJFHJ/a+oC28uX/AFcmELBJP9gnBYd1Rh3Nbsv7rX4G7XFs8Z+qMGH6E0/xZpc2oaba3FpFHLqOm3MV9ZpIQFeSMn5Ce25S65/2vavLzb2tbB1YUfjalb11svnt09TehKMKsXLa6ucVPo1vr8wu9NmSSC0OYNSvIVmfVZl43uGGBbDlVRAAckjhVq74UWw03xJbarpcUmmLqMo03WdHaUulpeBC0EseeqsFZQ3RlZe6kCGPUYtNdoPDUKXdlcNth0+4mSCbR5z1inVyCkHUhhkLghcgrXOeKvF2maBc6ZYaBLa+JL+3v11DWb8uVjuJlQqkaOucBd3AGVUKBySa/O418sw1PAPBcyqp2qXTVo/bVVbJ3+BJduX3S8iy3iPMs1xlCtBTpvWmo+XwuL7W+JyfxHt97bpeWbRM7Rk4ZJF+8jg5Vh7ggfr603Tblrm3JlVY7iJvLnjHRHHUfQ5DA+hHvWJ8PvF2meLtKkubASQT27BLm1mx5kDEcA44YHBww689COL+u3MWjJLr0pZbSGEm+2qWIiUEiTA6leeP7pPoK+8UotKUXdPVNbNdzmq0KlGo6NROMk2mmrNNaNNPVP8AU1qZKfkP5VxLfFXwcvhjSPEbXV6LDV7trSzJtD5kkinB+XPA7Z57V2MjEsc9jjFaU1d3XQzcHF6qxHLHHLE8UsayRuCrowyGB7H1FdF4V8Q2/lr4e1yQT2suI7eeRs4PGI3Pr02v9AeRk+bL468M3XjCbwdZ6os+swhjNBHGzBAoBIL/AHcjPP5etZHi/wCJPgfwzqB0vXdcgiuiv7y3WNpWQH+/t+7n0/8ArVrUpUqsG5SS6J9n/XQ6qEqlOWib8vL+up9H2lzNp9zHp2oSNIkhxa3Tfx+kbn+/7/xfXNbFeSfDPx7o+vaTbafc30ep6XeDZZ3pYkE5wI3J5DAjhjg5AB5GT6JZ3M1hcpp9/I0iOcW103/LT/Yf0f3/AIvrkV49alKlLll/w/mj1YTU1dGxRRRUFhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc9rv/I2aJ/1zuv8A0BK0Kz9d/wCRs0T/AK53X/oCVoUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUhxigBaKzLTxBoN5fGxs9c0u4uwcGCG8jeQe20HOfatOjVbgFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFfP8A+0T8fdU+G3j7TPCOgeGbfXby7s0nZGkk3h5HZURQnUnbnHuKAPoCivky/wD2mfirpVrJfax8FbqzsoRummljuo1RfUsy4H1r3P4G/FPRvin4KbxFY28lg9tKYb60kcO0DgbuG43KV5B47+lAHoFFeG/s6fG7VPix4t8Q6edAsrLTNKi3x3MUzu8heUrGCDwMqGP4VsftM/Fyb4R+GdL1Gz0u31O71C8aFYZpWRQioWZvl5JyQPxoA9aorF8C6pfa34K0XWtTtIrO9v7CG6mt42LLEZEDbQTycZH61tUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABWP4x/5Fy5/66Q/+jkrYrH8Y/8AIuXP/XSH/wBHJQB1A6fjS0g6fjS0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVj3U02qTyWNlK0VsjbLm5Q857xofX1Pb69C6nl1O4eyspWjt4yUublDznvGh/vep7fXpy2v6zHdRf2Po+2LS4gY5ZYzjzccbEI6J6t35A7mmk2yZzUFdkfibWUuoRo2j4h0uMeXLJGcCYD/lmhHRPU9+QO5rFACgBQAAMAAYAHp7CpHYKBGqgKAAAAAAPQegqMMpJAOSK7qUOWOiPDxFV1ZXb0/IWqznLk+9WaRwNpyO1bwlZmK0KcsayDGOexqmQQSO9X84BJ4A5rOupo40luJW2RoC7E9gB1/Su6m3rfY0jfY5/Uv9InTT1ztkzJOR2iB+77bj8v0De1XP88cCqunJJskup0KT3JEjqf4Fx8qfgP1Jq0TgE+gzXqQu1fv+Q32K+oX1np9sbm+uoraEELvkbALHoo7k+w5p2l+ItGnlisxdtDcSkrHHc20tuZT6J5iqGPsP1qx4DsbfUdb1PXrpBLPY3b6fYhhkW6oq+Y6js7sxy3XaAPXPX6tYWWq6fNp+pW0d1aTLtlikGQR6j0Poe2BX45xF4qxy/M5YOlQ5oQdpNvVvrbS2nS+9uh9JhOH3XoKpKVm1dK2nlcxQjkZCkg96bqS/ZtMu7lm5igkcAeoU4/XFVfBsszaXPZXM73Eum3s9gZpDlpVjYbXPvtZQT3IJ71a8RgtpEsK8meSOEDOM7pF/+vX6NRxkcTQjWp/DJJrvZq6/Bnz04OFTke6dn8nYt6Zam30y1gCgCKFEwPZR0qcI5/hx9anBHUdO30paj2jWiMHJttld1KnnvTHVXGGGRU8wyn05pixswyeBWkZq12x36mRrEMcX2K7wf3N2mSTxtfMZ/wDQh+VaqLl1U9CQD9M1V1u0ludHvIUGXaFin+8BuU/mBU9tIbm0hul4WaNZBjqNwB/rT503qyr3SZ8pa9MdX1/U9R1CMS3M99MzGQAlcOVC/QBQPwqBQAAFAAHTA6V33xb8E3+k63d69pdnJdaReOZ5xChZ7SU/fJUclGPzZHTJzXnkd1BK4jhlE0jHCxxgu7H0Cjkn2r80zTCYiniZKaerbW+up/WPB2eZViMooyozjFwhFSTaTTiktdnbS6ezWp3XwOu57X4m2UEJPlXtrPDOo6FVXzFJ+hX9TXQ/tU3vjjS/B15faPqOn2/hyS1FnfxSIDcSSSuVwhI4G0+vY1p/BLwRqGjyTeJ9dtTa3k0Jhs7V/wDWQxEgs7/3WbAG3qAOeSQOO/ax0I634h8G2kF7fLcapdfYTbIcwhA4/eY/vZk/IV9ZluGrUcFGM073ena+y/4HmfgnGeZYTM+IKuIwtnCyV+knFatfkn2R53NoHxNfxJ4B8Avd6V59raLqukR7AEhVwZMzfLkt8ncH9a9s+L/j7V9Kj0/wR4YUXvjjV40QiEcWgZfmlP8AdJ5I9BluMDPlOgfCdNb+LvizQ7PxNrrW/h+BYbe9Mn76VztXy93QL98cegrX8Q/CDV9IttW8fWPxFvUufs005eO2ZZiAP9UWD5zwEP09q9KnzqLsnZ76rZb/AD8z5mXs5SV2rpbWe711/OxT/ZL0R4fG/irUpphdGwX7GLjkiR2kO5snrnZn8avfFHT/AAF8Ol1XUr/TrvXtU8SLOIBeFJBE38TbiBtGWByOflxxVX9nnwh4o07wTqXjDTdScXV1b3CWmlTowilmXAWR+QCfvAemevWsnxH8UL7xF4AvfB+t+E7248U3LmDYtoFjQ7wVcLjcHAGMevOeorpg4Qw9paSs2m1da9PVp/LcbTlVbjtonZ22/wAj0T9nPQL7RfhlFHqbxyDUJ2u4ow4dUidVA5GRztJx7/XH0L4H8Uxzwr4c8RN50MoEdtcytnJ7Ruf73Ta3U4HOeT4t8HdAvvDPw60rR9TY/a0V5JUznyy7Fgn4Aj8c11rqrIVdQykYIIyCPSvTlgoVsPGElZpK3Vp2/q6/LQ5lWlCo5LVN/I93s7mexuU0/UJDIjnbbXJ/5af7D+j+/wDF9citbrXl/gbxTHcwjw54ibzoZcR21xI3J9Ec9m6bW78dwM91Z3M1jcpp9/IXRzi2uW/5af7Dej/+hfUEV8xXoToT5Zbnq06kakbo16KKKyLCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDntd/wCRs0T/AK53X/oCVoVn67/yNmif9c7r/wBAStCgAooooAKKKKACvNviBM+v+K28MSyuNJsLWK6v4Ecr9rklLeXG5HPlgIWK/wARIzwMH0mvO/iBY3ekeJP+Eqt7Se60+5tktdTW3jLyW/lsxinCDl0w7KwHI4ODg48LiaOMlldZYK/tLdN7X1t52+fbWx0YX2arRdTb+rGZc+HNAubP7JNo2nmEcKEgVCnoVK4KkdiCDXSfC7VLyaDU9A1K7lvbrRp0jjuZSDJPbyRiSJnPdwNyk99oPc1yT+MvC5iU2+tWl5K33Le0Yzzu3ZREmXJ9iBXY/DPR76ytdQ1jV7b7JqOsTrM9sWDNbRIgSKJiOCwUFmxxuYjtz+f+HlLMoYqo6qkqVtea9ubpa/W19uh6eayoOK5bX8v+AdfRRRX66eIFFFFABRRRQAhzg45PavgX4lePNPtP20bzxXqVneanp2g6gsS29ooZ2+zxhBjJxjeC35195apew6bpt1qNwQIrSF55CTwFRS3P5V8gfsEWD6/8QvHHje8jEjFFjDOu795cStI344T9aALXj/8Aaobxr4W1Pwh4G8E63capqltJaEzkSmNHUq7CNASxwSOeBkelbPwp8J658F/2VfG+t+IkNlq+o2sk6WrH5rfMfkwq3oxL5I7cfSsL9rzR7z4YfFfw18YfCEa2b3EwjvViARHnTBIYAdJYyVP+6fWuo/bP8c6fqn7N2j3ekzh7XxRd28kS7hkwqplYH3Vgin3BoA8S/Zm+IvjP4caBqr+Hfhne+JItUuEL3kcc20CJSAgKKQcFifxqH42+PPFPxk8f+EfDeveFJvDc8U620Voxk3ubiRAXIcA9F/Q19ifsw6G3h34DeE7DY0cstiLuQA9XmYyf+zCvnrQ3Hjz/AIKA3d2ZPOtNGu5WHO4BbWLyx/4+M/jQB9lW8EdtBHbQgLFCixoBwAqgAD9BUlIM9+tLQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFY/jH/kXLn/rpD/6OStisfxj/AMi5c/8AXSH/ANHJQB1A6fjS0g6fjS0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUVynxO8f+Gfhx4abxB4pvja2vmCKJUQvJNIc4RFHU4BP4UAdWSB3or5G8U/GXxF4/wDiFJYeFfiBF8NtF0/RxqEb6zYrFLey/wB3En3l6YxwRnhu3uH7N/j2/wDiR8KNO8S6taxwXzSS287RKRFM0bFTIgPQN6djkdqAPSaKKKACiiigAooooAKx7qeXU7iSxsZWjgjO26uUOCD3jQ/3vU9vr0W6nm1G4ksLGRooI223NypwQe8aH+96t/D9enK+I9Zhnh/sbSG8nT4v3cskRx5uOsaH+76t35A7mnGLbsiJzjCPNIXX9YjuIf7H0jEOmxgxySxnHm46oh/u9ct35A7msR2CKEUBVUYAAAAHp7CmvIqoFUBVAwABjA9PYe1VJ5gBljgdh3rvoYdtnkVq7qvTYkeTPC8Cmo20giqouefufrzT1uELBSCoJxk9K9D2TSsYWZaWQlwMAA0TN/CPxrzdfi94Vbwfq/ioQ6l/Z2l3y2Mh8pd8sh/55jdyO/OK6XW/Fuh6J4Tj8T6xdfYLCSFJFMyHeS6hlQKOS/PT69MViuS909F/VynSkmrryNa7fnyx9T/hWReD7Xfx2IGYots9yOx5/dp+JG4j0UetcZ4X+MvgTxJqDWNhqNyt4ylo4bi38szkfwockFj0Aq/4q8ceGvANlE/ifUfKvr0mZoYUMkjk8ZA7IoAUE/3e+TXSqkOW6at1f9dzVUpJ2s7nQyjErDOcGmVz/gnxp4e8a2U97oN40ohcLNHIhSSMnOMj0ODg+x9MV0FetCSnFSi7p9TJpptNWZV03ULrw3q13cpZT32lX7iW4S2XfPbTBQpkVP40YKuVHzAjIByca0/ji2uYHj8O6dqOp3p4RZbWS3hjPrLI4G1R1wMk9gc1TrQslka3DESMMkg4JA/Gvz3O/DjJ8yxzx1TmUpNOUU0lJ9el1frbfy1PXw2d4mhS9lHVLZvp/XQXwxYtp2kLbSz/AGi4aR5rmfbt82aRiztjsMngdgB1xUuq/NeaXB2a78w/SNGb/CpLV9sgGeDwfrUU/wA/iG1XqIbSaQ+xZkQfpur6b2UaUVCCSikkktklokvRHkttycnq3d/M1oD8gHccVJUERw49DxU9YVFZmL3CiiioEKCMg9gRWb4c+TS1tj1tZZbYj2Vzj/x0rWjWfYAx6zqVv0EhiuV/4Eu0/qlHUpapr+v61LpjHVSVI6EGsrWb4aVJbQ6fp0d5q187JbQqFjL4GXeSTGVjUEZPPUAAk1tumBkHOOtc/u8n4k2rzMAt1o8kNrnoZEmDyKPcoVb6IfSvG4hzOtl+WVsVRXNKCvbfdpX+V7/I7MBho18TGlPRN6/157CSab402GUa5obSYz9mOmOsWf7vmeZ5n48/TtTtD1H+0o5kubNrO/s5PJu7aQhzE+AQQ38SMCGVx1B7EEV04Pvx61yCyo/xB1ieE5igsLW1uCo48/dI4HuVRlz6bh61+ecAcX5rmWZPCYqXPGSbvZLla9EtHtb+n9FnWVYbD4f2lJcrTtvubKqoJIUAnrgAE/41i3En2TVfl4tbtzk/3J8dfYPj/vof7VbEjhYiwIORx71nXMEdzbSQSg7JBg4PI9x6EYBH0FftlON9eqPlY+ZIfmByc5GDmsx1KSkn7w4z3x6Z9KsabPLJG0FyQbqA7JiBgNxw/sGHP5jtUd2MTt7gGu3Dyu2htW0IaKKK6yQYKylWUEEYIPII9K73wP4qiuYF8O+Im82OXEdtcSt1PZHPZum1u+B368FQwVlKsoKkYIPIIrmxWFjiYcstH0fZ/wCXdGtGs6Urrbqj3W0uZbG5j07UJDIH4trk/wDLX/Yb0f8A9C+uRWvXmXgfxVFeQr4e8Qt5yyYjt7iRjlvRGPZvRu+B369vZ3M9lcLp9/IZA3Ftct/y1/2W9HH/AI9+Yr5GtRnRm4TVmj2ITjOPNE16KKKzLCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe13/kbNE/653X/AKAlaFZ+u/8AI2aJ/wBc7r/0BK0KACiiigAooooAKMkEHpiiigBiRRJKZY4Ykkbq6oAx/HvT6KKACiiigAooooAKKKKAGTRxzRPDNGkkcilXR1DKwI5BHf0xVbTNL0zS43j0zTrOxjchnW2t0iDEDGTtAyferlFAFXUdPsNStxb6jY2t7CGDCO4hWRQR3wwPPJ5qtceH9BuLKCyn0PTJbW3z5ML2kbRxZ67VIwufatOigBsSJFGkcSLGiAKiqAAoA4A9BwBiqVlo2j2V5Je2Wk2FtdS7hJNDbIkjgnJywGTmr9FABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFY/jH/kXLn/rpD/6OStisfxj/AMi5c/8AXSH/ANHJQB1A6fjS0g6fjS0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAV5R+0b8NdT8f6Pol9oE1kut+HtRXULKC+TdbXJGMxyD0O0c+xHfj1eigD5B+INlrdvr7fFb9onR/DyaPplo+n6R4dtAtw17PIDgZbOMYLbieMDgY51NDm+O2seEJPEq6v4e+D/g/T7YzWGnmwRisIBK+YGHyA8ehOfu88+tftB/DbUPiFo2jT6Ff2lnrmg6iuoWH22MyW0jgfckGDxwDnB6dOa8/vfgr8TPiZq0Mvxn8a2Y0S3cOuhaDvSGUg8FnYD35wx54IoA9H/Zu8dar8RfhHpPibW7RIL6UyRTNGpWOYxuV8xR2Bx09Qa9Jr5t+N/gvxHba1FYeHfDfiO70ODQVs/DEPh6/FrFpeoB2/ezjcvy4MfzHcMKwxzmvXvC/jPRItS0zwJrHifTbrxomnRyXlrFIN7yKi+YeOAc5O3rjnGKAO0ooooAKx7uebUbmSwsZGjgQ7bq5U4IPeND/e9T/D9ehdzz6jcPYWErRQxkrdXKnlf+maf7Xqf4fr05TxNrcTwnRtGIgsIQY5pYzjee8aH06gt9QO9VGLm7IipUjTjzSE8Ta5FJD/AGLo5EOnxDy5pYzzJjrGh/u9ct35A7muf8wBQqKFUAAADAA9PYVHxgBVCgAAKBgAf0FMllWMY6k9BXrUcPGCtuzxq1WVWV3t0XYWaQICzHJPQetUnYuSxOSaHYuSxOSaSu+EFFEJWCuB+ODeKbbwjNq3hrxJFoq6dBNPd74wxnUKNqLkHnPH/Ah6V31eP/tW6NHqXw/trhIb2e+gvFS1jtwWB3g7ywAOQAo9OTWeIbVKVt7dHb+v12NqCTqJf8E8RfQfFq+AfB+hDX4DpninUTNb6cFAMcgYRiWQ4yRznGa+lvE/w4tfE/gfRNM8c6zcXlzpIZ5Lm0kWKKU9NzAjGAigZ4xz6145bfBnSpPi7ovhbOrjTYtIW61K43cCbYSVR8YUbio/Or37Qk+v6JoelfDPwfY6xLotvbD7TcrC0jXBZiViLqOg7gdcj0586EVTjJyWmi33f/D/AOR1T9+UVF23e3cjuJtP+I/x88Pw+CtPgi0rw6Y/tF/DEERkjcHPH8PAVO5ye3TndJ1XxL4p+NviLxPpHhq38RTWZl+zw3b4htkVtkZwTgtgEAepJr0P9nfxBc2txZ+ErX4dXmiWgiM13qM5cNNIq/ebKDJY8AZ4zx3rlNHvfEvwh8S+KtMfwnf6qNTmM2m3VvGxRzltmSAcj5uVHIIPrWkUnyym2k3dtLZ20SX/AAA1TcYrVJJJvpfXqdx8BLzwzrdjqniDSNB/sbVZZzFqcKSu0ZbJcFQeFXOeMDHPWvTq80/Z58I6n4X8KXdzrUZh1HVbgXDwsMNEgB2hvQkknHbI9xXpgBJwASfQV7mEUlRjzKz6q1vw/PzOKs06js7q5xHxP8XXGhLBpekmMancoZDI6hhbRZxv2/xMSCADxwT2FeUT3OoXFx9outW1OefOfMe8k3A+owRj6Cuj+LsU1r8QLiW7zHHcWcDwM/AZVDK2M+jA/nXMA5AIII7EHrX5pxLmeKnjZ01JxjF2ST/H5n9G+HPDWVPJ6eJqU41KlS7baTtq0kr3slbXu9/L0T4YePdTt9atdE168e9tLpxFbXczZlhlP3Udv40boCeQSOoPHsVo3ma9qEnaOGCEexIaQ/8AoQr5aSGe6ubW1tQTcz3MUcIHXeXXB/r+FfU+lYefU7gHIlv5QD2KrhAfp8te1kGNrYrD/vdXF6Pyt172PzXxMyPB5TmiWESipxu4rZO9tF0v2739C+OCDVkHIBHSqtSwHgjPuK9morr0PzV7EtITgEnpS1XnlAbBYAfzrOEXJ2Qkrk4IIB7Vn3DCLxDZSAgefBLAR3LKRIv/ALPVlJCoyDkVna6fLhtrzp9mu4pCfRS2xvww5/KqdJ63KitbG2XJXB/OsrxBp1nqtmLa8V8Rus0ckblJIZF+7IjDlWHPPueoNXDI4yCwyDg59arXUoIKA5J6n0ohh1K8ZJNPRrdNPR3T6WHFyUlJPVdTmNUudc0+yL6h45mhs8iMOumxfanYnhVZQdznoAqE+3elstTsdG0jyR4c8RadYITI91cWRdSxOWkkIdpMnklmX64xV7w/DFfeP76a5XcdJs4BZqeQjz7zJIB/ewgXPpn1NdmM84znsfSvx/PuL6HDGaTwmWYSEVG3O7NOT0elnotfv6H1+EyyeYYdVK9Ru+y7f5nLwSxTwxzQypLFIoaOSNgyupHDAjqDT6yNJhi0/wAR6/o9ogSyt5obiCMDCxefGXdF9F3Atjtv+la9fseV4+GY4OlioKymk7dvL5beZ8xiKLoVZU27tNoo6krW7rqUakmFSsygZLw5yfqVPzD8R3qOWUTP5iMGVhlSDkEY65qzdz4zGh57n09q4mz8XeHbTV9b0Q6kobRoTc3CmNsQR9WTOMNtzxjsfY16tO1NpyaV9r/f+X9amaTktFsdVRVDw/rGna/o9vq+lTmeyuATFIUZC2CQThsEcgiq3ibxT4f8NC3Ou6rBYm5YrCH3FnxjOAoJxyOfeulzio8zaS730+8lRbdramxRVLW9X0zRNObUNXv7extEODLM+0ZPQe59qoeF/F3hrxP5o0HWLW+aEZkjQkOo9cMAce9HPFS5W1ftfX7g5W1dLTubjKrKVZQQRgg9CK7/AMD+KYr2BfDviF/NWTCW9xIxy/PCMez5A2t3wO/J4ChlVlKsoIIwQehFc+LwkMTDllo1s+3/AAO6NaNaVKV+nVHutlcTWVymn6i5fecW1yf+WvH3W9H/AJgZHcDXrzPwT4ohv4B4d8ROJBJhLa4duX9EY9nBAw3fA79e2sbi4srhdP1KTfvJFtcEY83/AGW9HA/76AyO4HyVajOjNwmrNHrwnGceaJr0UUVmWFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBz2u/8jZon/XO6/8AQErQrP13/kbNE/653X/oCVoUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFRRXMEtxLBHPE8sBUSorgtGWGRuHVcjkZqWgAooooAKKKKACiiigAoor5p+MHxY8dWn7Tvh/4a+ENUhtLCdrOK+Q2scrF5GLvywJX92QMfX60AfS1FMuJoYY5J5ZEihTJZ3YKqj3J4ptrc293AJraeKeInAeJ1dT+IyM+1AEtFRzyxwQtNPKkUSDLO7hVA9yeBTbW4t7qET2txFPETgSROrqfbIyM+1AE1FFeG/tW/GXU/hnYaTo3hi0guPEWsljC8yb0gjDBd23+JmY4GeODnPAoA9xBB4BFLXyD4p1X9rXwF4fk8Z65rWmajp1qFkvLQRwS+Uhx99VQEAZAJVuK99+DvxO03x/8ACqDxxLGuniNZV1CHfuWCSIZfB7rjDD2I9KAPQaK8l+BHxg/4WzrXiKfTdK+waBphihtZJ3BuLmRyxLEDhRtUfKM9eT6eo3t9ZWIX7beW1sH+750yR7vpuIoAs0U1WUoHVgVIBBBBBH9a8g1741W//C9tM+E3h/T/ALRem4UapfTtiK3j8oysqAH5n24+Y4AJ6HFAHsNFeR/tAXfxkW70O2+E8dqiSeY2ozTG3bALKEAEvoMnj9eleroTBbD7RMrmNB5kpwoOAMt6DofzoAloqvZ3tpeoz2d3b3KqcM0MqyAex2k4qZmVRliFHqSAKAHUVXur2ztY0kubu3gRzhGkmVAx9ASRk1YoAKKKKACsfxj/AMi5c/8AXSH/ANHJWxWP4x/5Fy5/66Q/+jkoA6gdPxpaQdPxpaACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigD5x8beM/iz8TvFeo+Bvhpo154T0mwna21TxHqURjkBHUQjtxyMZJyDlAcnyv9nDSfA3gz4jeMfibrWusfDvh2R9N0/UdQcNJe3bDE0qAcsxAOFGeJR1wTX2D8RbDXNS8Ca5p3hq6htNYurGWG0mlztSRlIB46ex7HHXFfPHwF/ZXttItbLU/ifcDV57ZjJa6KJN9nasx5L9pGOBkD5eP4uwB7J8FPicnxP07UdWs/DOr6TpkFwEsbq9UBb6Pn50x0IIORyORyeQOru7mbUbqTT9PkaOKM7bq6X+H1jQ/3/U/w/XpB9qh1CWXR9Enhigs2+z3k1uy/wCjkAHyVA+6+CD/ALII7kVzmv65BPa/2PoTCPTowY5J4WwJAOqIe46gt9QO5DjFydkRUqRpx5nsL4k1qOSH+xdFYQ2MWY5pojjfg8xofTrub6gdyObfaMIoCqoAAAwB7ew7VMqqqBFUKoGAAMAD0+lVzwTXqYemoLzPEq1pVZXe3RdhkzFIyw6jpVM8kknJPU1edQ6FT0NUnUoxBH0PY130rW8yUNooorYoKUEg5DEH2OKSigBdzbdu47euMnFUY3e71NnDMILM7UwxAMxHzH/gIOM+pPoKk1K4e3tx5IBuJWEcAPQuQefoMFj7A1JZW8dpax28ZJVBjJ6se7H3JJP41O7sPZXJizEYLMR6FiRRzgjcQO4BOKSiquIikt4nxlcY9OKpa9dnSdFuLu3hSScbI4Y2JAeV2CID7bmBPsDWlWd4jsJdT0We0gdI7glJYHf7qyxuHQn2yoB+p9KzxEqroy9l8Vna+17aX8rlQ5eZc211f06mlpXgzRLWPzdTtINZ1KQf6TfXsKyvI3cKGGETsFXAAA6815x8aPhxY2ltb674WsobSaS6it7q0RhHDJ5rhFkGeEYMVBxwQfUc+maJ4t0nUYcXFxFpt+nFzY3kqxSwt34Yjevoy5BGPcDG8Sara+Jby10bSpFu7O2u47nULuM7oVMTB0hVujuXCk7fuhTnkgV/MWQ0c7xWfQpVudycv3ilfa/vXvorK9vO1j9Ip5lDLKaxOEkoyjqrW+7zT7M5P4Y/Dk6JqsWt67PDc6hECYYYcmK24+ZgxwXfGRnAABOOua7/AMNg/wBhWjsDulVpjnrl2Lf1o1BjbaJe3GfmFu5H/fJx/OrdpCLe0htwMCKJUwPZQD/Kv6RpYelhoqnSVorp69X3eh8FmWZYnMq8sTipuU5dX5dEuiXREtKCQeDg0lI52IW7AZrTc84J7jaQCcn0FZ97cKrglSewHtUF7MykBWwxOSarTymRgSMYGPxrvo4ZKz6FaI07K6VuAfl7g9R70a6n2jSbq1U/NNC6g+hwcH+VZcUhjcMPxHqKuxXMbMOxBBwe9Krh1e6Wg1uNs7oXFhBdu2BNEshz6kDI/PNRz3IZdsRIOeT0qjZDy7E2pOTbXEsP4Bsj9GFSVtQppxUnuOWj0I5RqEOpw61pHkvexReRcW0z7Eu4N24Lu52OpJKtjHJB4ORLrfxAbTdOe4uvDd5YMML5upXMMNsGx0MiszN64RST2pY22OHLYC8k+gr588Ta5P4p12XWrksYSzLYwsflghyduB/eYYYnvn2FfnXGvDOS1qscbiqbdR20i+VSt/N6LS61tofdcEZZmGc4h4ShNRhFXlJq/KvJd29r6bvpr694X8beEfMlSfxTa3Gp305mubiWF7eOWUgAKhcYVVACqCegHUk13AORXyywVlKuoZSMEEZBr0/4E69cGS58L3UrzRQQ/abEu2SkYYB4v90ZBHpkjoBXoZFnlOs44TkULK0UttFoj2OMvDqpkuFePo1XUgn710rq/XTdXdn206HW+P18TR6PK3hFLFtU8xWQXmDHs535/SvlWS98ZT+DPFXiqSPTG0/WdQW2vZ9v70y8nEPouGI47E19NfHiCSX4V61cRapc6bJaQ/aVmt2IZyvAj6jAYsAf6181t4Ju/wDhH/AemjXb4nxPcGX7CR+6t13BRKBnk4J5wOhr38ZKc5JK+i76Xbsvv2f+R+dYZxULu2/byue1eCdcn8BfBq3u/GYt4Gssw20EOBJIMApGR/z0JJz6Dn6+PPD4j8XfGTw3c+Jx5U+qyxXMVpzi3tA5Krg9AQhPvnJ613HjD4La3cPY7fHEtzawS/6y/R2ZJG4DkZIx8qLntxXL+EPDfi3X/jVqULeMJJL/AEI7J9T+bc6qwQxr6Hlh+Bore1lKFOcXZWSWmtu/yWnTccORRlJNXd7+V+39X2Lvxn1qbxD8cbPw++mXus6dpbqn9mWzENcSFd7/AEzkKT6A9K674Mx+C9Y8b6lrWk6Pf+G9esozDdaTvUQKhGwsBtB6gZBxg49axdX1W2+HP7QmseIPENjdHTNVt3NpcQpuI3KvAzgE5UqR2yK1vgDaahrnjXxP8RLqzks7TU2aO0R8gvucMT7gBQM+pOOlaUbvEa6y5ndW2S2d9/TW3zJqaUuyskn3vvp/T0PaaKKK9s4QYKwKsAQeCD0Neg+B/FMN9Avh7xE/mb8LbXDt/rD2Rj1DjAIbvgdxz59TowrOqsAyscEHkEVyYzCwxEGpaNbPt/wO5tRrSpSv06o9zsbqeyuk03UpDIznFtckYEw/ut6OP1HI7ga/WvOvCXiKK9hTw94gbzFkwlvcO2C57Ix7OMDDcZwOhHPVWuo/2fqMGjapdRma4LCxmdlU3O0FiuP74UEnHUAn1A+SqU5U5cstz14TU1dG5RRRUFhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBz2u/8jZon/XO6/8AQErQrP13/kbNE/653X/oCVoUAFFFFABRRRQAVyXxV8T3Xhbwut1YW6SXt3cpZW8koPkQSSZxJMeyDHA43MVXjdkdbVXVtPstV0y503UrWK6s7mNopoZFysikcg/4/T0prRq+vkRVjKUJKDtJppO1+mmnWz1t1Pnq3e48FzP4s027Ml9AGl1R7qTaNTjzmRZT2fPKMPuHCj5SQfobS7tb/TbW+SGeBbiFJhFPHskTcA211/hYZwR9a838M/C24tPEiza9qsWqaNpsgk0q3ZT5sjj7r3JPDmLouOpAdvmHHqH15rsx1ajVmnRjayV/6/DzPnOF8uzLAYacMfV55OTa8l6vvvbp+CWiiiuI+mCiiigAooooAMbiF6ZIH5mvi/4KOvjn9uDxL4pkIa00yS8uUkPIVYwIIz+RB/CvrzxZfTaX4W1bUbeGWae1sppoo40LO7hDtUAck5wK+af2DvBOr6fbeM9b8SaXfWE+oGKyQXMDROyEO8rAMOeWXn2oA5Pw3Fq/7Ufxl1hda1i/sfBGiZaGztn2/Jv2RqO29wCzOckYwO1enfDH4EeJ/hn8Z/7Y8H+JYh4KnULd2F7cs00qlTkFQu0lGwVbg9ffPk3w61Lxz+zV4x8TaLqPw/1HxBZ6kV+yXNoHVJfLZvLdXVGBDBuV4IP0r2v9maX4z6/qmq+LfiPeXen6Jdljp+izQqhy5HzAEb0RVG1QTzkntkgHgniLxroPxj+OGow/EjxnL4d8C6U0q2NokjKJtrbFA2qRvbl2cjoMDti98MtW8O+Av2pdD0b4WeKp9a8I675UF3C0jMqs+5ShyF3MhUMGx0bHrUtp4dvfgR8UvEJ8U/DE+NvC+rMWsbuOyWfywHZkILKwVsMVdTjoD2GfU/2e4/EvivxxdeKL74U+F/CHhWAl9N36Mkd+XxhdkmAxA5LNjHOF9gD6KHvXin7U/wAE7j4raXp1/ot9FZeINKDi388lY542OdhYcoQRkH3OfUe2A4II6g5r468eaZ8Uvgv8edU8f6Bod94n8Oak8zBA0kqIkzBmjbbkxsrAYbGMAdeQAClpHxv+Lfwiv4PC/wAYfDE+r6aR5aTXKL5zxjjKTDKTY44bJ6ZIzXqP7VqeGPE37Mj+JLK7lh01RBqGnC0VYluJJcJGHXHQBiSODke1eQ/Ezxh8Uv2ibbTfB+jfDK40mziu1uJbicSMqOFKhmldQqKAxzjk8deh9J/ae8C67o/7LWg+DfDVpc6smjzWyXzQRl3ZI0bMm0DJXzG/DIoAxv2LPhZpGneDbL4s3l/Pb6nJHeiDz2UWsUQzH5rA4PG18knGM1wWt6T8ErjWdd1f4lfGfUPGOsXJJt30u2lURtg+zIRkjCghQBXc+H28U+P/ANjXVfB/h7wpqWlX2i21raCORmD6lsfzJvLUqDyMnbznOOa4PwTrHiCL4Gan4M8K/BO6j1+GynXU9dltPmEZzuYbk3mUqdgQN2yAelAHd/sFNq2vfD/xx4fvtTvP7C3x21mxk+e3MscglKZzt+XYcdM8+ufKf2bvhF4d+JfxL8T2dze6mmhaOrPbyROollzNtjVjjHKg5xXv/wCyP4a1jRP2cNdtotMurPX7y4vmjguYmicy+SEiHzY44GPrXn/7DOoa14S8X6r4M1XwVq8Nzqkomub6eNoktkgRyVYMvOSeMHuKAJ/Fijxt+31o+jRKz2WgyQIVU/Iot4jMRj/fIFVPHN94h/aE/aOu/hxBrN1p3hHRZJvtCQMQGWEhZJSOjSM5Crnhcj3zvfsl6Br+ofH7xx8Qtf0bUrASrO1qby2eLcZ584G4DJCKB+NYWqab42/Z+/aD1vxpY+Eb3xH4Z1szfvLZWb93NIJCpZQfLkVx/EMEfXgAzPj54Cj/AGddf8L+Mfhzr+qwNcTPHNb3UwfeYwrEHaAGRgSCpHp+Hb/t8eKDJ8K/CWnQFoX1q5F+0YY5CJECB/31L+lc1qWkeP8A9pv4maRfat4XvfDHgjSuCbpWBKFgZNpYDzJH2heBhQB6HO3+0v4a1vxr+0p4G8O2ehX76Dp6WsU1wts5t41aUvIN+NowigZoA574s/BO28Nfs3Dxd4w8Q6zf+KbK0tI7WIzj7NbB3RRbLH6KrHJ9QT6592/Y6n1W5/Z78Oy6vPLO5M627SMSwgErCNfcDBx7Yrk/29E17Uvh3o2gaDpOo6g15qhnmFpbPLsSJDtDbQcZaTP4e1eyfCjQv+EY+GfhvQChR7HTII5ARgiTYGf/AMeY0AdPRRRQAVj+Mf8AkXLn/rpD/wCjkrYrH8Y/8i5c/wDXSH/0clAHUDp+NLSDp+NLQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUHgUABwB6V82ftaftCw+A7Wbwh4QuI5/FMyYnnGGXTlPQn1lIPC9up7An7Wn7Q0HgO0m8I+ELiOfxVOmJ5hhl05SOCfWUjkL24J7A+Cfs4/Ba78bX48c+OVnk0d5TLDDMT5mpyZyXYnny85y3VjkDjJpNpK7Gk2ze/ZN8LfENrXVfFNxrd7ZaLrA/e2ksjBtWO7JcseUHUeaOTkjoTX0hZSwz2oWCPyRFiMwlQpiIH3CB09u2MYrTSGOOJIo40jRFCIqKFVQBwAB0AxVG/sJHlF1ausV0g2hiCUkX+4/qPfqO3fNUqqTOLE0ZSeuwyopYxgsvXuPWpLSdLncrxtDcR482FiCye+f4lPZu/50902+4r0IVVfRnlypyhuU6bIm9Cvr09qnlj6sv4ioq7YyT1RPoUCCCVIwRwaSp7tMESDucH61BXVF3Vy9wooqnqk0qxLbWzbbi5PlxnunHzP/AMBGT9SPWm3ZXGld2GWmLu/kvDzFAWgt/QnP7x/zG0H2PrV+mW8UVvBHBCu2ONQqD0UDpT6ErLUG7vQKKKKYBWf4hvprDTDJaRJLdyyR21rG5IV5pGCpn/Z5yfYH1rQrM8S2tzc6asliiyXlpcxXltGzAB3icMEz23AFc+4rmxjrLDzdDWai+Vf3rO342LpcrmlLa6v6X1LkHw/8MzQq+v6dbeIr8jEl3qUKzMx77FbKxr6KoAxjr1NG80mPwnqWnRaYzpod9MLT7Gzlls5mBMZizyEbaVKdASpGMmul0PxDpGs2n2myu4wV4lglYRzQN3SRG5Vh6flmsPWdQtvEeu2Gm6Y63Vrpl2t7f3UZ3RLIgbyoVYcM5Ztxx90LzjcK/nHhLH59LiCClKbfN76ldq32rp6Ly21tY+3zOlhFgpaJJLS1ty34hUSaYtsMYuLiGHHrmRcj8ga0mO5i3945/Ws7U/m1HSoBz/pDzH6Rxt/Vh+laAHFf0Xu2/wCv61Pg3t/X9dAqK7OIsepxUtVb2QDjsoJNXTV5CW5jzMWmY+5plKSSSe+c0leytEkMKKKKYFO2JTWL2Ik4kSK4GfoUb/0AfnVyqV1+71eyk7SpLAfrgOo/8cP51dqIaXXZ/nr+pUun9eQMqupRvusMHHXBFfOE9hPo95Pot0uy4sH8ph/eUfcceoZcEfj6V9H1ieKPCmi+IxGdShkSeIbY7qB9kqLnpnuv+ycivE4gyf8AtOglF2lFtq/W+6/LU+x4J4rfDeNlVnFypzVpW30d016O+jaTXyPCq7r4I2MsviG810KRb2sBs0fs8jspcD/dCjPuw9K20+EukwXCNd61qt7AefK/dxA+xZRn8sV2mn2drp9lFZWNvFbW0ChY4o1Cqg/z3rxMg4Zq4ausRiGtNknfW27em3Y+u438R8NnGBeBwUGlJrmclbRNOyV+rWrfy3ubLrFcQlXjSSNhyrqGBH0PWst7e3EqkQQgxZEZ2LlB6D0/Cpo5ZI1Kq2B6VHX2lOlyvU/H7jZY45omilQPG4Ksp6EEciqumMYzLZygGeDH7zABljP3X9zwQfcH1FXKqajFIRHd26lp7c5Cj/loh+8n1OOPcD1NXLT3u35f1/WoLsyzNFFMgSeKOVQcgSIGA9+acOAAAAAMADgAelNglimhSaFw8cihlYdCCOtOp6boWuwUUUUwCiioLq48krFEnm3DjKRg4yP7xP8ACvv+WaTaS1DcuTX0aQiKaMyySfLHGMZlPoPT3Pb8hXgX7Ull8SYPEOmeOJPEF7fWWmhFtJICUbS5BjHT1IH7w8kgbscCvcbW2MbtNK/m3DgB5MYAH91R2X2/PNWnaKa1ltLuCO4t5UMckcihldSOVIPUHpXn4rAqvG+z6eX9dV9xvSrOk9NV1Lf7Knx/sviZpyeHvEMsNp4tto/mXhUv0UcyRjs3dl/EcZA9+r80/jJ8NtQ+HuuReMfBk91FpiTiWOSFyJdOlzwM9duejfge2fq39lT4/wBl8TNMTw94hlhtPFtrH8y8Kl+g/wCWkY/v/wB5PxHGQvzNWjOlLlmrM9aE4zXNHY+gKKKKzLCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe13/kbNE/653X/oCVoVn67/yNmif9c7r/ANAStCgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAB164PqODQSTyST9STRRQAAkdCwHoCRRzk5OSepPNFFAACR0Yj1wcZoJJOSST6k5NFFABQCQeCQfUHFFFAASxGCzEehJIoBOcgkH1HBoooACSerE/U5oJbIyzE9uTwfWiigAJJ5ZiT7nNBLHgsxHuSaKKAAknqzHHqSaASMkMR64OKKKAAknkkkj1OaMnGAzAemTiiigABYfdYjPoSKKKKACiiigArH8Y/8AIuXP/XSH/wBHJWxWP4x/5Fy5/wCukP8A6OSgDqB0/GlpB0/GloAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAoooOAPSgAOMV82ftZ/tDQeArWfwh4QuI5/FMyYmmXDLpykdT6ykdF7dT2BX9rT9oaDwDbTeEPCNxHP4pnTE04+ZdOUjgn1lI5C9uCewPz/APs7fBm78a348ceN0nk0h5TNFFMxMmpSZJLsTz5ec5P8XIHc0m0kNJtjv2dfgzdeNdRXxv44SeTSHlM0UMzHzNSkzkuxPPl5zk/xcgcZNfYsCRJEscKJHHGoVURQqqoHAA7AYqvFHHHEsUSJHGihURFCqqgcADsBjGKcCVOQcGuaU22dCikizRimROXGO4p9ITRUv7GO5COGaKeLJimjxuQnt/tKe6ng/qKMdy63Asr5FhuWyIyufLnHqh7HuUPI962agvbWG7gaCeJZI26g+vr7fWtaVRxfkcuIoKcdFqUWBB9uxqs42seOO1OmF1pwIuDJd2XaYAtLEP8AbA++P9oc+oPWpDsliV43WSNxuR1III9R6ivXoV0zw6tGVJ6rQqyIHQqe/wChqk4KMVbqKv1BdR8eYOvf/GvSpys7MldityeB1qhpv+lzyamclHBits9owfvf8CIz9AvrS6qzSiPTomKvc5EhHVIhje3sTkKPr7VdRVVQqqFUDAA6AY6f0rXd+hey9RaKKKoQUUUUAFFFU9cv00vRb7U3TzFtLeSYpnG7ap49gTjn3pNpJ3DVuyKXiGHwl5sU/iVNEVmHySXwQMQPTPzN6f4Vu6Nc6Xc2EbaNcWUtmnyJ9kdTGh/ujb90+1L4S8O22mWi3V0kd3q90gkvb2RQXdiAdqn+GNc4VRwAPUkmj47sLbSrOXxfp8KW17p6iW58obRd24I8yOQD73y5KseVYDGMmvySh4pYPEZksMqLVOUuVTur6uyfLbZvzbtr5H0VTh6qqHPzXkle1vwLT/vPEcS9obJ3/F5AP5Rn86v1RsVL67qb5yE8m3B6HhSx+n360JAA5A6cV+npq9v67Hzct0vL/gjHcIhY9qyL6XgpnLNyfYVfvG5C54AyaxZG3yMxOcmu/C003dhshtFFFd4BRRRQBR1wmOyS5U4NtPHMfoGAYfkTV8jBIHYkVDew/abKe2Iz5sToPqQcf0pmmT/adNtbg9ZIUY/XAz/I1G0n5r8v+HQ3sWKKKKsQ28u4bayknu5kht4FMkkjnARQOSfaq1pD4q1GBbuw0G1gtXG6P+0rxoJpF/veWiNsz6Mc881DrCxyX2hQ3AU2kus263Ct90jLFAfUGQJ+lelgk8tyT1z1r8h8RuOMfkGIp4TApJyjzOTV93ayvp0u991ax9FkuVUcXCU6t3Z2S+W55zaXsjX02m39lLp+owIJJLaRgwZCcCSNxw6Z4yOh4IFXKn+JCxrqnhmVMfavt8sY9TAYHMv4ZWM/XFQV9jwTxBVz/KY4utHlndxfZtW1V9r32uzzc0wccJiHTi9LJrvr0YUUUDqPyr6088ow4sr424GILks8XoknJZPbPLD/AIFV6uKvPH3ha60fxHcNcXqW+gzLFdzCAArLvwpj5+Yhx7frXQ+FdZg1/QbXVIFdBPGGKOm1lJHXHbIII9iKyhUi3yxad9V6Xt+f9aFyi0rteRqUVzfibxz4Y8OavZ6Rq2o+VfXm0xQxxNIcFgAWx93JPB9jVTxn410Lw8sR13VDpcE2THGsbNc3CjuFHMaf7R5PtRKvTinqtPNAqc3bTc6Wa5kkla2sgrSqcSSMCUiPof7zf7P54qS1t47cNtLPJIQZJHOWc+p9vQdB7Vi+CPFfhnxRp7P4avop4rchZIhGY3iz0yp7HB5+tdBVQaklJNO+1tvl/n/wwpXi2rWCiiirJGXMENzbyW1zFHNBKhSSORQyupHKkdx2xXy98YPhvqfw+1qLxd4QmuYtNjnWWOSFyJdPkzwCeu3PRvwPv9SUG2hvEa1uYY54JVKSxyKGV0I5UjuD0rkxmFhiIWlo1s+3/ANqNaVKWm3VF39lX4/2XxM0yPw94hkhs/FtrH8y8Kl+o6yRj+93ZPxHGQPf6/Nf40/DHVPhzrUXjHwdNdRaXHOssckLkS6dLn5Ru67c/db8D2z9V/sq/H6z+Jump4f8QSQ2ni21iy6j5UvlHWSMdm4yyD3I4zj5KpSlSlyy3PXhNTXNE9+oooqCwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAOe13/AJGzRP8Arndf+gJWhWfrv/I2aJ/1zuv/AEBK0KACiiigAooooAKKKBkkADJ6Ae9ABRXA+CfiPa+JPHWseHltVht4Nx0u68zIvliYR3Bx22uRj1U57V31RCcZq8Wmrtad07W+9NMiFSNRXg01drTum018mmn5oKKKKssKKKKACiiigAowTyFY/RSaK+Iv2y/GXiyb41XOh+Gde1PT7fRNGjkuY7O6eJS2DK7HaRk4dB+AoA+3SOcEEH0IwaAGP8DnPcLxXjPwa8cxaJ+ylo/jjxHeTXQsdMlmuJJpC8kzLNIqrk9WYhVGfX2r5Q+HPiL4j+Nfjd4Wj1LxTrcMXiHVVu3to7+VUEHmlnAQHATCMAPQUAforgnorH6A0AMeQrEeyk18i/tZ+JvEOp/tB+D/AAJ4c1rUtPWSO3W4S0uni3PcTEndtIzhAv5n1r0r43fB7x3458ZLq/h/4n3PhvTobSO2js4fOGSpbLko4BJz19h6UAe47X/55v8A98H/AApDkHkEH0Iwa/Oj4qWHj3wf8QbbwLonxV1/xXrkjLFNBZXNwnlTMRtiyZDub1HG3v3x9z/Bnw7rPhT4aaLoniLUZdR1iGEte3Ek7SkyOxYrublguQM+x9aAOwooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKx/GP/IuXP/XSH/0clbFY/jH/AJFy5/66Q/8Ao5KAOoHT8aWkHT8aWgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKCcUABwBXzd+1n+0NB4BtJvCXhG4jn8VTpiaYYZdOU/wAR9ZCDwvbqewJ+1n+0Nb+AbSbwl4SuI5/FU6YmmGGXTlI+8fWUjkL24J7A/O/7P3wgvPG2o/8ACa+NfPk0l5TKkczHzNRkySWYnny85yf4uQO9KUlFXZUYuTsif9nj4O3PjXUv+E28cNNJpTymWKGdz5mpSZJLMTz5ec5PVuQOMmvr+KNIokiiRI441CIiKFVVA4AHYDHSs6KOOKJYoo0jjRQiIihVUAcADsBjFTpO68E7h6GuSVRyep1KmktC5RUMU6udpG0/Xg1NSDYVWKnIp/mn+6Kjop3FoTCVT1BFOBDDIORVepok2jJHJ/lQJpDj0yeKwL2xaOdp9NkS3kclpI2BMMpz1IH3T/tD8c1uzEhCB1qm6A9eCK7cLZNtnk5g22opGNDdh5xb3ETW1yckRSEHf7o3Rx+vqBU7sqoxchVAyxPAAxyT/OrF5bQ3ERhuYkliPJVhkfX2+tc5rMF8lzHpls7X1q4825ikcCVIgfuCT+LcRtw3YNzXrwqNrueWkm+39f1/mLp8TM0moSqytdAGIHqkIzsHsTksfc+wq3Si9t7sFY2ZZ0PzwyIUkX/gJ/pxSAjHHNd9N3imU7t6hRRRVgFFFFABUV7ZQ6nZXGn3AJguYWhkx1CspBI9+f0FS1bto9qbiOT/ACqJtJaivbYydL8W2uk20OmeMJ49Mv4gIkuZQRb3oUcSRv0BIGShwynPUYJNZvYPGdq2g6Qstxpdydmp6gFZIlhzloo2ON7vjbleFBJznAp3iuOeOPT9WtreW6k0m9W7a3jGXlj2NHIFHdgrEgd8Y7iuk0rUbLVbGO+067iurV1yssbZGMZwf7v0OMV/NvGmRUeHcdGthqb5Z+9Ft+7GV9krdN1d9t7H3OU42WOo8tRpNaPu0cxYWsnhnxKunPdTXWnat5kto9w5eWCdFBaIueXUoCUzkjYw5yMbpJJJ9a52+1Sx8Q+N7Kx066guE0Hfd3kkbhgJpI2ijjH97AaRmI4GFHU4HQ1+u8EV8biMnpVcbfn1Svu4ra/W/m9WrN76/L5xTowxclS2022T62M+/biU+gxWVWnf8JL9f61mV+g4a3KeawoooroAKKKKAFyVIYdQQR9aoaKBHDcWoGBb3MqAf7JO9f0YVeqlB+71q6TnE0Mcw9MqSh/9kqJaNP5f19yKWxdoooqySDULO3v7GayukMkEy7XAYqeo5BHIYEAg9iB6VUv/ABZ4i8L6O02pXmjX9pBhReXrSwztnoGWMESOf9kAn0HNaVeOfGC/lvPGa6c5/wBH062jdE7ebKCWc+p27QPx9a+S4vy3LMVg/a4+iqjg/d1as30unez3ts/U+n4SwGJzLMoYOhPkU9W97Jat2e76LzfYvf8ACz55tZfV9Q0e71C4KeTG3npbx28WclYosPjdgEszbjgdAAK7jwl4r0nxLFJ9heSK5hAM9rOoWWME9cDIZe2Rx9K8MqXTdQl0bWLLWbY4ltZlz/txsQHQ+oIJ/IelfN5FxDLByp4VQjGlslFWtrv5673/ADP1niXwuwccDUxOEqS9rBc3vO6lZarZWbto1p38vouuW+JreKofDjXvhTU7LTprPfcXMtygZTCiEkDg85Arq3AV2XOQDjJ+teXftKw2tx8ObhXvLmK7t5UeGC3Y7pSx2kOB/Dgk/gK/ScVJxoyd9Uujs/v/AKvsfglFXqJf8E8Je18YR/C+G4+32p0vxRq202+3E00yH7xOOF3e/Wva9Y8UXPwy8Gadbazc2mp+JFiayS1tgSkoTiInAH3AQD3OSPTHmEHwydvF3gvw5PfaiqahZLe3gRi32QEFjtOMKePfGR1r0DVfgL9r1C1mtPGl/ClqoS386ASSIckk7gw7knp+fWvGw9PERjL2ad9Fq1pbV6fPTtex21JU21zNW1f+X9fM4fwDoOuXX7Qth/wk07XGqxj+0tQBGTE3l71Q+mMpx0HTtWx8T9X0zSf2hYNWuLNfE6QWirNYQqXe2dUI5BBUkH58c9TnFUvgj4N1LUviVf6rda9qMS6TcoTJIjrJqEYfG0knhcKMjnqKm8La5efCr4heK5fEHh7U7251B2e0uLdMiUeYzj5j/C2RkjJGOh7KGlJX91OTd3ray0/p7hL43bVpJWWnXU6L9nK2XV/EviXx1bR2dhZXsjQR6dbsCYiWD5YdhgceuT0xXt1eSfs2+HNZ0zTdZ17WbU2T61cLLFblNrKoLHdt/hBLEAeg9xXrdexgouNCN9G7t/Nt/juceIadR6hRRRXUYhUls4SYMenINR0Umk00wNG5ggureW2uYY54JkMckcihldSOVI7g9K+U/jP8MNV+HOsxeNPBs91FpcVwsqSQuRLp0uflG7rtz91vwPPX6pspN8e09V4/Cp2hguYpbS7hjnt7iNo5YpFDI6kcqR3BryMVh1UjZ7rZm9Gs6TutuqIf2Vvj9ZfE3TU0DxBLDZ+LbWPLoMKl8g6yRjs395PxHHT33rX5t/G74W6t8NNci8Z+DZrqPSY51kilhciXTpc/KCeu3PCt+B9/qf8AZV+P1j8TdLTQNfkitPF1rF+8QfKl8gH+tjHZv7y9uo4zt+enBwk4voetCanHmjse/UUUVJYUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAc9rv/I2aJ/1zuv8A0BK0Kz9d/wCRs0T/AK53X/oCVoUAFFFFABRRRQAVxHxl8STaB4Ra30+Xy9W1WT7BYsOsbODvl/7Zxhmz0yF9a7auF+Ivw8Pi/W9P1UeI9R0x7K3kgjjhijkT52BZwG6McAfQCscR7V0peytzWdr7X6N+m5z4r2zoy9hbnadr6K/RvR7b7a7HjzLNoFtp2p6HEDdaE6T20QPMiqu14vffGWX6kHtX0fompWes6PZ6rp8oms7yFZ4H/vIwBB/I9PY15j/wpu6/6HzWP/AKCu5+HfhdfB3heLQo9TutRjimlkSS4VVKB3LbAF4Cgk4Hua8XIMvxeAhOnXaabumndpve90t9/vPnuGMrx2W050sS1KLd003e73vdLR7/APDnRUUUV9AfUhRRRQAUUUUAAG4hemTj9a+CImPjTxl8ffGW3zIYNJuo4G9A06Kn/jkRr7o8Qm+Gg6idLh86/FpL9lj3Bd8uw7Bk9OSOa+cPgh8GPGHhr4HfEbRdd02KLxD4jieO3hFwjb1ER2ZYcDLu/wCVAHilp4hv/HXwm+GXwN8Nz7ru8u5pdSK8hM3Enlhv9lVLyH6CvSfgPpVjq/7YmtNpUY/sfwfpz6dYdCEESrar9SxMrE+pNbv7JXwO8UfDvUNc8WeKdKhXWktGt9IthOj5JUlmyDgZIVMn1Nb/AOyT8MfGHw/tPF+s+LdOSPXNVkVoEE6OZAod+oPGZGH5UAeaeCmXx3+33qeqZ8610e5uJV7gLbR+Uh/77xXrX7Vfxri+HGhL4e8PTLL4t1GPEIXDGyjPHnMO7HkIPx7AHnf2UvhR468C+IPGPivxdpMMOqX9pssYxcJIZXZ2kcEg8fMIx+Jrym0+DP7RUXxDPj6fQbC/1xpzciW9uYZlEh6NtJx8vGB0GBjoKAPZf2Svgo/g6z/4TnxhGZvFmpKZESdtz2Mb8nJP/LV8/Me2cd2r6Ir5cSb9stpFVrbRkUkAttt+Bnr1r6ghV0iRJZPMkCgM+MbjgZPtnn86AH0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFY/jH/kXLn/rpD/6OStisfxj/AMi5c/8AXSH/ANHJQB1A6fjS0g6fjS0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFACdsmvnP9rH9oS3+H1nN4U8KXEVx4qnTEsgwy6chH3j6yEHhe3U9gV/ay/aDtvh9YzeFfCs8c/iq4TEki/MunoR949jIR0Xt1PYH5t+AXwjvvHmqHxn4y+0SaQ0zShZmPmajJnJJPXZnq3foO+E2khxjzaId8AfhFe+OtTPjTxn9ok0hpjKqzOfM1GTOSxJ52Z6t/F0Hcj64ijjhiSGGNI441CIiKFVVA4AHYDGKSCKOCCOGCJIoo1CRxxqFVFA4UDsB0xUlcc5ubO2EFFWQUUUVBQVYgmJIRznPANV6KNgauaFFRW7705PzDg+/vUtWZ7EkSZ+Y9OwqWmxNlAB1HFOpoh7iEZpkiBhjHNSUGqUmnoZzpqSaZmX8kVtbSXE7bIoVLu3ooHJrJsIZFja6uU23N0RJIp6ouMJH/wABXH4k+tXNXBvNTjsQMwQhZ7n0Jz+7T8SCxHoo9aWf74JOcivawkuZJs+erxUJuPX+v6+4z9Xtbe7gVbmJZNp+QnIZPow5X/PWszy9QthmGUXsXaOdgsg9g/Q/jW3cKWiPqOap16tNJrzJi3axTh1K2eUQTl7Sc9IrldjH6Ho34VcORjIxnpnvTJoo5ojFNEkkZ6o6hl/+t9ap/wBnNDn+z7ya1/6Zn97F/wB8tyB9DV6rzHo/Iv0VQFxqEJIuLATqB/rLR93/AI42CKls9SsLmdYkukWTODHLmNx7YNHMgs9zRggyQz9OoHrVmlIIA+Ugdj2qSJOjH8K5qlTqzNvuZniu/m0bwpqmq24BuLa1eSIkZAfgKffBIOPao7PwF4WgtYIZNIt7mWMZknk3CSeQklpJCpG9mJJJPrW1fWNtf6fPZXkfmwXETQzITjKMCCPY8nn6VzT+IrzwjpXl+KrW9urW2GyPVrOHzVmQA481B80cmAc9QcEj0H5V4iYPM8ZSpTwPM1FvmUb312dlut11t+X0WQVaFKUlWsm9m/xQ/wAf2FnpfhtNcsLSG1udCKy23kRhB5RYCSHC9UdSRj1weorbcBZGUHIViOevX+dYmq22oeNIl0+ez1DRtC3rJM8h8q7u2UhkVF58tAwBJbk4AA61X1e4vPBzJeavq0t/oDv5c11dgG4sXY/KzMo/eRMeDxlSR1BOPO8POIcPgYf2bjKj55yvFbpX6N3dm3rb73d2OrPMDOu1Xox0Stpu/NLqkal8uWkX+8M/pWRUFl478HaxdR2un+ILR7hjtWKQNEzn0G7GTVu4QxzMpBGDwDX7rgqsZxfK015O58xUpTpPlmmn2aaf3MjooortMwooq3ZxKyF2UE5wM1MpKCuwKlU7weXqmnzA4DmS3P8AwJdw/VRWxcW6ld0Yww7DoaxddJTTmnA5tpEn9wFYZ/Qmo51KLa6a/dqVHexeopSME46A8fSjnBOOB1PatSRK8t+MuhTxX8fie2heW3aFYL4IuTFtJ2SY/u/MVJ7YX616PPqdhDJ5ZuFkl/55wgyOfbAppn1GfiCyS2UjiS7b5un9xeT9DXBmGEpY6hKhN79t01s/+HPWyXNcRk+NhjaFuaL2ezXVPy9NVutT55M0QiEm8MpIAK/Nkk8Yx1zxXXab8OvGk72d7eeFb3+zklSaaJZoluZEU7tojJzk4A57E16B4X8I6JbfFPSL5rK3N0lndXKskQijMqtGoIjHAKhiwPv2xXruFAA7H1Ffz5xTnFXhvMlhaUVOUbNuV7d0kk/vd/L1/YsZx1is8wbhRiqUJJp2d32dnpZfK55jp11LrlubkXf2eIuySQQgrMjg/MkhblGHQgD09a0ba2t7WMx28SRqTk4GSfck8n6mneJYo7b4ho0CgNf6W0t2B3eKVEjc+5WRlz3Cj0p9fufDObrOsspY/l5XNO67NNp28m9V5WufieOw7w1eVK90n/wUH+en9aKKK984yvqUMs8SSQnN1AxeAsxxnHK+wYcH6j0qS0uEubeOeIsFYZAPVDnkexBBB+lSVRP+h6jvJxb3jAH0SbHB9g+PzA9ah6O/R7/5/wBfoNaovkkkkkknqSck0lFFWIKKKKACiiigB8L+XIGHToa0geAQfcGsqrVnMQRE3I7H09qwrQuubsM1Gjtr60ltbyCK4t5kMU0MiBkdSOQR3B9P8K+S/jh8LNX+GGvQeM/B091HpC3Akhmic+bp0ueFY/3f7rfgeev1dC+xwex4P0rQkgtr6ymsb63iuLaaMxzRSruSRSOVI7j/ADxivDxlBNcyNaNZ0pX6PdGR+yx8fbH4naWmg69JDaeLLWPLoMKl6o6yRj+9/eXt1HHT3w1+bnxz+FesfC3xBD4x8HT3aaMtwJIJ4mPm6dLnhWP93+63foff6o/ZZ+Plh8T9KTQ9dkhs/FlrHmSP7q3qD/lrGPX+8vbqOK8d6HsRkpK6Pe6KKKCgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDntd/5GzRP+ud1/6AlaFZ2u/8jbon/XO6/wDQErQoAWikooAWikooAWikooAWikooAWikooAWikooAWikooAUgEY6ikAAGMAD0A4oooAAFAwAAD2AoAUDAUAH0FFFAAFUdFAz6AUm1f7i/wDfIpaKAE2J/cX8hTqSigBaKSigBaKSigBaKSigBaKSigBaKSigBaKSigBaKSigBax/GP8AyLlz/wBdIf8A0cla9ZHjHH/COXP/AF0g/wDRyUAdQOn40tIOn40tABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXzr+1f+0HbfDyxm8LeFp4rjxVPHh5B8y6epH3m9ZD2Xt1PYF37WH7QNr8OrGXwv4YniufFdwnzOMMunoR99vVz2X8T2z8a+BPCl94r1OTxF4ilnntpJWldpnJe7cnnJ9M9TQB2fwE+EeoePdVPjLxmbh9HaYygTMfM1GTOSSTzsz1bv0HfH11bwxQQRwQRpFFGoSOONQqooHCgdgOmK5L4RXBl8Ii2LZFpO8MYzkImAVUDsBngV2NcdWTcrdjspxSjfuFFFFZmgUVg6n4u8P6ZqcmnX97JbzxgZ3W7lSSBwDj5utboIIBHIIBFOzWrC6YtFFFIB0T7JA3YdfpV0EEZByD3qhU9o/JQn3FNdiZLqW4mw49DxU5IAyTgVWpXctjJ4qzNq7HvOq8nAHqTimXl3Fa2Mt3IpZI1yVXkscgBR7kkAfUVnyNvcseh6D0FLB/p+oxw4zb2BWST0acj5F99qnd9WX0oTuxyikiWztJLa0JuSrXUzma5YdC5xwPZQAo9h7moLhcDPof0rTuRwKoyjDHuDXq4OVkj5/HK1R2KTcqR7GqHseorTkQg8cj+VRPGj/eXJ9a9inUSXkcaZRpHYKhduFAJJPQYB5/StBVVeAABXmv7Qd7420rwfc6t4Y1LT7LTra0lGpC4UGSQMVRRHxwfmI7dRTqV1CLla9jSC55KKdrkv/C0fB3/AAh0ni03d4NJjvfsXmG1IZpcA4Ve4wc5rs0SC+SLzYFuEkAYLKgY4IHr0618gy6D49PhnwB4M+16d9i1y5Oo6XbgfOrMR88xx05z9AfSvfviN4b+I/iDQtI06LxJZ6LClk7+Ib2FyplkA5EarztwCeMZrCnipSjK6va23e3n/VjepRjFpJpXv939fidLpGueEtQ8Y3fhfQ9ZuV1WziM1xHZuzQxgEAglsoTlhwP6VD4y+I2geCNQjsNe8V6abpwHFtJauZQp5Bby8hc+9eUfsRaSit4j1zDPHJNFZxMwwSAS5/mmRVL4Ip4S1Lxn8RPEPxGewuL23mkDx6kR8kRaQSFVPVvlVRjkcY61xTqNxT2buN0oqck7tK3q2/yPonw74nj17R4NX0uzGo2EwJS4sLhZFJB5GDhgR3BrE+JdzHqmjf2Ykd7b3LRzTxrNbOm9o1BVcjsxO38a80/YjuZJfDviq3QH7DFqMT24JJ2lkcEfkqV7uCz+JRhiBBY9ieDJJ/glc8o88bPZobtTqO3Qm0PVbHXNLg1bTZPOtrld6tjDKe6sP4WByCD0INcP+0HrFnY/D660iWQC+1UpDbRA/OQHDPJjsqgdfcVv6/4Ws7yS6urC4vdI1G5Rt11YXJh3ybTteRcFWOcZbGeOc18v339otqdz/bctzLq8LmC7NzIXkV1PIyegzyMccg1+Oz4BlleLjiXU5qad4pJ30d0pPb1tvbpc/UuDYQ4hxXsHJQ5EnJPdr+6vzfS99SGVFmQxyqHRuqsM1658GtbvNW0q60a9mkubnSwjQyyEs7wNkAMe5UqRn0I9OfJRXpHwN0BbxNT127idrabZa2uJGTzNjEu42kZGSF/4CfSvv+FateGM5afwtO/byv8AM+28WcNgpZRGrVsqqkuR9Xf4l5q2rXdI9K2t/dP5UhBHUY+pFVJ9G05ZWU27kDoDPIeP++qYNI0wdbGMkerOf/Zq/VVKbV7L73/kfzb7vd/d/wAEtvLEgy8sSj3dRUkOq6ZBDiXULUHJOA+T19qqR6bp6sNmn2gbPB8lSc/jW3BHHAirFHHGAMfIgX+VY13K1nb8/wDIFYqRapBMD9lhvbr3htmI/M1Wv/tt9bTQpozR+bGyb7mdU6gjOBk966WPPlKCT0zySap3i7GcqMEgkY+lccJNytf7v6YKSvocjpR1S90y2lkvoLctEARDCXYMODy2Ocg1ZOlW0hBunuLwj/nvKSv/AHyuBS6R+7+123QQ3T4H+y+JB/6EfyrQSORwSikj1r0Ixjy+9r3v3+eg5Np6aEUEccCbII0hX0jUKP0pw9OlSi3lP8OPqabJE8eN4wD0Oc1alHo0RqUNTtJpzb3Nldmz1Czk860uNm8I2CCrL/EjAlWH07gVoL4u8RrF5b+EYJLjGPOj1JBbk+vPzgfUZqOjjPTn1r5rPeD8pz2pGrjKd5R2adm1vZ23Xa/c78JmWIwsXGm7J9Gr/Mp2NveNeXOqarcx3OpXe0SNGpWOKNc7IoweQq5JyeWJJ9MXKAORxknoBWausLcSyxaXpmq6wYX2SvYW++NGBwV3nCkjuBXrJ4HJ8LCm3GlSikldqK+9ta/O733Ob97iZuWspPV2V2aVFU9P1K2vZZoEE0F1b4862uYjFNFnoSp7HselXK7aVWFaCqU5KUWrpppprumtGvQylFxbi1ZrowqO5giubeS3mUlHGCAcHHr7HgEH2FSUVpo1Zi2K2nTySI8Fwc3MB2SEDAcY+Vx7MOfqD6VZqlqKtC6ajECzQjEygZLxZ5A9Sv3h9CO9XVZWUOjBlIBDA5BBHX+tTG607DfkFFFFUIKKKKACnwELMhPTNMopNXVgNWtS2449qyLeTzIlJ69D9a1oCMgjkEcV5GJTSswlsWrm1tr+zmsr63iurWeMxzQyoGSRCOVI718c/Hb4Ua18KfEcPjLwdcXaaKtwsltcRMfN06XPCMfT+63foeev2Xbn7uanv7O01CwnsL62iurW4jaOaGVAySIRypHcf54wK+crtwkevgfeicr+yz8e7D4n6Umh63JDZ+LbWP8AexD5UvEH/LWP3/vL269OnvNfm98dPhVrfwm8SweMfB1xdpoy3CyW1zE583T5c8Ix9Owbv0PPX6q/Za+Pdh8UdJXRNaeGz8WWkeZoR8qXiD/lrH7/AN5e3Xp0SaaujqaaZ7vRRRTEFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBj69pNzfXlleWd+LS4tTIAWhEisHUAjGRjoOfr61X/ALL8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKroKKAOf/ALL8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKo/svxF/0MFr/AOC1f/iq6CigDn/7L8Rf9DBa/wDgtX/4qj+y/EX/AEMFr/4LV/8Aiq6CigDn/wCy/EX/AEMFr/4LV/8AiqP7L8Rf9DBa/wDgtX/4qugooA5/+y/EX/QwWv8A4LV/+Ko/svxF/wBDBa/+C1f/AIqugooA5/8AsvxF/wBDBa/+C1f/AIqj+y/EX/QwWv8A4LV/+KroKKAOf/svxF/0MFr/AOC1f/iqP7L8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKroKKAOf/ALL8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKo/svxF/0MFr/AOC1f/iq6CigDn/7L8Rf9DBa/wDgtX/4qj+y/EX/AEMFr/4LV/8Aiq6CigDn/wCy/EX/AEMFr/4LV/8AiqP7L8Rf9DBa/wDgtX/4qugooA5/+y/EX/QwWv8A4LV/+Ko/svxF/wBDBa/+C1f/AIqugooA5/8AsvxF/wBDBa/+C1f/AIqj+y/EX/QwWv8A4LV/+KroKKAOf/svxF/0MFr/AOC1f/iqP7L8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKroKKAOf/ALL8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKo/svxF/0MFr/AOC1f/iq6CigDn/7L8Rf9DBa/wDgtX/4qj+y/EX/AEMFr/4LV/8Aiq6CigDn/wCy/EX/AEMFr/4LV/8AiqP7L8Rf9DBa/wDgtX/4qugooA5/+y/EX/QwWv8A4LV/+Ko/svxF/wBDBa/+C1f/AIqugooA5/8AsvxF/wBDBa/+C1f/AIqj+y/EX/QwWv8A4LV/+KroKKAOf/svxF/0MFr/AOC1f/iqP7L8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKroKKAOf/ALL8Rf8AQwWv/gtX/wCKqG80HWb6D7Nea9C1uzozrHYKjEKwbAO7joK6aigAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAHWuc8US6rqljf6P4av1sNQMLJ/aDRCRLVyp24X+Ns447fkKtahd3F5cvpmmSFGU/6TcgZEI/ur6uf06nsDzPiPWo4IG0LQ2MUUZKXNwh5B7op7sc8t2z6nhSkkhxi5OyPgZPhd4iXx5q58byPO1lemO5nEvmfa5jls7+4bk+vUdjj06ws5JZoLCxti0jYjhhiXBIx0A7V7nJ4c0SR7xpdPhkW8MZmjI+QtGCFYDs3Jye/wCeXaN4f0bRmkfTrCOB5M7nyWbHcZPQe1Y+3VtEb+wdzmvhbo+saRLqianaNaxv5WwFgQ7ANkjHUYI/yK7k/TB96888deObux1CfTNHRI3tyUmuGUMS2Bwg7Yz1P9K6rwXbi18PW9udQS/mUlppll8weYxLEZ/Gsppv3n1NINL3V0NmiiiszQZLFFMYzLFHIYzmMugYofUZ6Gn0UUAFFFFABToztkVicDPNNqNpolmSFpUEjhiiFgGYDGSPUDI/OhAagIIz1FNl4jY98UkAIiUe1OYZUqehBFWZ7Mx9Rufsdo0yp5khISKP+/Ixwq/Qk/kDWj4egFppywGTzJAS0sh6ySE5ZvxJ/l6VjR/6bq7SkfuLAmOP0acj52HrtB2/Ut6Vs2MgRyCcE4x7+1JaaFSV1cvyLuFVXjPIxkVc4I9jSbQff8K6KdVwPPr4ZVX5mc0R7cfWoniGMMMZ7itUxg9hUEsQ6gcHtXbSxd3Znm1sDKCbRmmEgcHJ968I/bB0l7vwzoksV3fJdSXv2OO2hJ8qUP8AMWcDuu0AfU19ANH3X8qiliVgBIitg5GVBx789PrXY6iqRcb7nLTnKlJSa2Pky0+E0N18b/8AhDo/EWu/ZNI0pZ5LzP7yGQqD5cZzhRlh0969s+I4fwl8DdWs7We7u5bXSvsMMzgvLIz4jDHGefmJ9sV6GIIgxYKAT1IUAn8e9I8ZUbgcj6A1cIxScVpe+v5fcXLEOcot6pW/4P3nlH7MmjXGi/BiyZbcLe3sk92ElBXLElYw3oPlH5145418SaP4lGsRa58J5oviDNMbaE2iSCLkY8x16vIMHHrkHtX1uCcgk5NWBkOJM4fGA2Bux6Z64qa1K8Ur6JWCNdRk5NXbd92vl5o4H9nfwJP4B+HMOn6ggTVLyU3d6oOfLYgBY/qqgZ9ya7bTvn1jVpuoEkMA/wCAx7iPzetCPLAADnOKzvD+Xtbi4/5+Ly4kB9RvKD9EFcjTTt2L5ua8n1/4cuzYyPpXI+N/h3ofi2Vby7gurS/ChBe2mFkZR0VgeHA7Z59+1aviq9vlnsdI0mWOHUdRdlSeRN620SKGll2/xEAqqjpuYZ4BqIeBtBceZcDUrm7xzeS6jL5xb+9lSAD7AAV8vxDxfl2TSjhsTFzlLVpJOyb0bvpr0W/V20v6eU4HGTn9Zw03Bx2knZ+fn5M4PTfgzoUNwJNT1fUtUiBz5BVYEYejFeSPbivRUtIILOO1tYIoIoUCRRxoFVFA4UDsPb/69Z2mNfabrc3h/Ubt74GH7VYXcgAlkhDBXjkxwzoSPm/iVh0INbNfVZNiMHicLDE4JWhNfPs0/NPS3Q582xuPxNdrG1HOUdru9vTtfyMueFZcZyGHANUHBVip6g4rZukCvuHQ/wA6zLpCbnaByw4r6bD1G+uh5u+oWUe595HA6fWtFIZCwBUgdyfSmWUQBVAMheT71pCJiK5sRXXMJuwwDsBVa9TcgI6YwTWjFGR0GSf0psluGBGMA9QRmuONaKkSnrc4y2gZfEM0RBAnt0kz6lGKn9GFdTZWgCAlcYHAI6VVvLUW+q6XcAcGZ7du/EiHH6oPzrfUBRgcU8TjW1yr+uppa9ihJAirkKD68Vm3MQYtGeBng+laN9MVUgHB/rVGBRK/3sjBORzmtaDko8zJV7XZklGD7CPmzjFLJG8Zwy49D2Nak9vtkDkZI6GpJLLzYOck9fofau761FWb2YaHIeK5JE0SRIZHia5mhtTIhw0YllWNmB7EBj+ftXX6pqVh4bt7bRdM04TSpAzW1lERHHDBH96SRz8scY7sepz1Nc/q+nxXlncaddqximQoxU4YDswPYggEH1Ark5tT1C6m1Tw5qVzDdazqF3FHezRKVzpsMKFWI/hMjsykDjJkx0Fflfidk1bGzw+KbvRjdNX2bd+b7k27a6Jacx7GX5pRy7DVqlTeKcm/JLb5uy+Yw+JPE3iW8tdQl8M2ou7TbfWwtJybg6c52yxFW/1pAw+0dymBXX2Vzb3tpDd2kyz28yB45F6Mp7+30+vpWJrUtxpjWviCxjZ7nS5POMafelhxiaMfVMkf7SrVvw/LbT3OtzadIkumyapLJZyR/cdWRGYr7b2Y/ifetvDnNJKpLAQppUrOSs37rTScdW9GmpLbXm0ve3z+WZx/beC+tTaVWMnGS8ndxa+WnnY1aKKK/WToAE5yODVGzxZ3bWBGIXBktj2A/ij/AOA5yPY+1c0fiPooPik/Zb0xeGh/pcuF2ytkjanvkY5xV5/EWnah8P18XP59haLbG+RpVBki2k4OB1zjGB1B96xdWD1i1dJv5Xs/y+9F8klo1vp8/wCmdLRXl1v8ePAEyxqZdTWVwMxi0Jwx/h6811Pjvx74b8Fw27a3cyrPcDMNtCm+Vx6kdh70o4qi4uSkrLd32uN0ZppNO7OoorlvAfj/AMNeNftCaLcTC4twDNb3EeyRR03e47e3411NawnGceaLun1REouLs1ZhRRRVCLFixEpUcgjJ9q2bM7Ywe2TWJaOqS/N0YYz6Gta1kA/dnjJ4P9K4MXFtvQOhsQHjr7ir0TZUVkW0m0hT26fStO2cEYr5nG02tTuwFS0uVhqVnaalYT2F/bRXNpcRmOaGVQySKRypHcf57Cvk7xV+z74s8O/FrRbj4dX7Wthe3oNpfSTbG0yTk7ZG7jAO0/x/d69frio7qCG6t5Le5iWWJxhkYcEf0+vbA9K4IycWexKKaOw0K6vrRLfSdcuFuL5YgFu1jEaXZAG5gv8AC2ckr+VblcVot5FdW0eg6zI8vQWl2z/OxA4BbtKMcH+L8xW9p15cQXK6ZqbA3GP3E4GFuFH8mHdfxFdCaa0Mmmma9FFFMQUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABWNqF7PeXb6XpjlGXi5uQMiEH+FfVyPy6nsCajeXF5dtpmmPsZcC5uQMiAH+Eern9Op7A8vr+uQW8MmgeH5PLjhJju7mNslW/iRT3k5+Zu2fU8JtJXHGLk7Id4i1qK2gOhaC3kxxnbc3CHJB7op7uc8t2z6njm0VUQIihVUYAHQD0oRFjRURQqqMADoPanVxzm5u7OyEFBWQUnUYpaKgs8e+KlibTxbJcBcR3sazAjpuA2sP0B/GsrwnqWo6TrMD6UheSWRYzbgHbPkj5SPX37Y+tdp8aQPs2kNgbvNmGcc/cXj9K83jd43WSN3jdTlWRirA+oPY12Q96CTOSp7s20fRR4JHocUV598M/FV5e3Z0bVJ3uJChe2mYAt8oGUbHXjkH6+1eg1yyi4uzOmMlJXCs3XtWTSLeCV7W5ujPcJAkcCbm3MevsOpq9cySRwM8UDzuOkaMAzcj14Hr+FSc84NLzZXoB4JHWiiikAU0xozq5jUumdrFQSMjnHpnpTqZPH5sEkXmSR71K7o2wy5HUHsfegC/A26JT0IGKr6rcy21ri22m7ncQ2wPTzCD8x9lALH6VPaDECgZJJ47k1Ssv9N1GXUDzDDut7U9jyPMk/EgKD6KfU1aM3uNt7WOygS0h3GOIYBPVj3Y+5JJ/GpU++uPX+tT3aZw4Gex/wAajgQtIDggA5JqepaelzUQ/ID7UpOASelNi+4M0rjKkDrWhiCOGB4xihwCDVfd5ZyTjtzVhGDjIoT1FKKa12KsiFSajIBGCM1clHB9eoqs4A59a7qVTmXmeLiKPJJ22IJE28jpTCOKnIBGDULggn07V2U5X0e5wVI21WxCIsMDnipaKeiZ5PT+daym7e8yVd6IUyLBA0zcCNWkP4An+lVPDkZi0CwjfhvsyM2eu5huP6k03xIzDw/fBDhnhaNT7vhP/Zqsajd2eladPe3k629paR75JGyQqqP1PQAd8j1rjbu2zqStFJf1/VzB8WSf2XrOl+JZEd7SxE1velFLGKCYJmXA7I8abv8AZYntXSw3FvPbLdQ3EMsDDcJUkDIR65HFc5HeeL77beWOi6Xp8BwY49UuJPtDDHBZYwRGf9kkkZ571madpHhjUNTuLLVfCNnpurxKJpLYM5gnjLY82MKwSRc8EbcgkZHIz+YZ7k2VcU5gnhMWlVStJWunbttdrybT+V39FgsXistoP2tN8t7p7W9S5a3EPiHxg2rWLeZp+mWkllFcj7lxNI6mTYf4lQIBu6biRzg1tVYijSKJIoo0jjjUIiIoVVUdgBwB7cVA/Dn61+m5FllPKsFDB0m2oLd7tvd/Pt02PncXipYqs6sla/Tt0IbsZiB96qBcsMDJ6DHWr7oHUq3Q+lPtrZc5Ucep617iqqEdTBPQjsoSpyRyeSP6VoLH3NPgtyBkCphFhhx/hXl18WpSdmbww85atEaR8cDAp4iJOOf5VYRcDFKB68158sQ29D0KeDVlcxPFERTRZ7heWtilyuPWNw/8gR+NW5mVVJByvOD6j1q3eRpLbvC4BWRShB7ggj+tYOjStNoVpu5kWERPzk7kJQ/j8ua6MM3N6nLi4KnpH+r/APDEN6wkcq3IxyKtafAI0GFweOPT2pTDucEpyO5qzAu0gdT1r16tVKHKmcN72SG3MYxwMnt706FP3R9QKmdcjA6jpRGpC89a4vavktfUrk1t0MHV7YElgMEZIrzbx/pFvbQX/ipNc1LS7mKCNZDE6skqoTsi2lSQWLkZB6nvXq2oqNhPfj+deUfHGKQeDWKA+VFqFu82OgTcR/6Ey13Yj2dbAVFVippRvZq6dtfz2/zOrL8JTxuKpYarblnKMXdJpJtK7T0dt9ex5zfeKtbubVEtJ9Q0ybILyf2l9oOOMgKYgB+tQeF9f1vwwI10y9luLZWJeyuW3RSAkk4PWNsk4I456VnOyopZ2CgdSajtriG5iEtvKsiHoVNflOExVbBz9ph/d9Pyff0Z/UGG8POGMJSlhqeGgnNauyUrLqno1a+6R9EaDqlprWjWuq2JJt7iMOoPDKckFT6MCCCPasn4jW2s3HhtzofiNPD9xDJ5z3bgEGNVYsv48H8KzPgokq+CC758uS/uHhzwCm4D8twaoPj7pcOqfC/U1ktrq5mg2zW0dvksZdwUHA6qAxz9K/ZIV5VsEqzVm4ptJtatXeu5/MmMwscLjqmHi7qMpRT0d0m0n21tc+dDb+I0+F91rp8SqLbX9V8i4sMDzLmQEt5jH03frXr/AI70LxbpvwMtvCVm8/iK+muEgeSyjLCK3XDBOOwIC/nXEf8ACqrVr/wBpgsdTEmqQC41mXnZECc7Rx8h2gjn2rvvHGi+Kvh9pWiyfDs6jc6LZTvLqFgG8x5MuGy2BkoRlTjpx6151ClKMJuSdrJXTba2b+Wt321sOpNOUbNXvfVW79fl89DlvD13qHgHxF4e0Lxr4H0COzvoo4IrhIEkmDhseYW5y4LDcPcegr1Pxx4c8GWOvr8RPEs0qTaaigGSQNESoIVRGRy2ScAd8e9eetp/iT4u/EHSNS1Tw5c6H4a0k7sXGVaU7gxXJAyWIA46AVzHxWufGPiPx2LW98PazqOhaVMUgtVieMXCK23zCQOS2PvenpWiqqlTejav7t1267dOmmpDg5yWtnbWz/Dfd9eh1vwMhvPE/wAT/EHxFi05dO0mdZIIEChfMZtvAxwcBcsfU17pXD/CLX9W1rTbmC+8Hjwxa2ISK1hAZQ4Oc4BAwBgc+9dxXp4OCjSVtb3bb6tvXToc1aTlPXT8encKKKK6TIKvWcheMqeSvGfUVRqSCQxOG6joR61FSPNGy3A2baU7gjEn0NatpKQASeawkYEBlORwQa0LeYFdw/EeleNiaKmth3cWmjdjlDD09qeKzoZMgc89verEcpyM18/Vw7i3Y9WhjU0uYnlRJY2jkUMrDBB479fY981r6TqEd7Emia27SMx/0S7J2s7DoCf4ZB1B/i/MVkg5AIpJUSWNopFDIwwQSR+PsfeueMnFnoNKSudnp17PDdjTNTYfaDzBMBhblR/Jh3X8RxWvXGaXqEd/Euia0zMzEfZLvdtZ2HQZ/hkHUH+L8xW5p17cQ3I0zU2H2jrBOBhblR39mHdfxHFdCaaMmmma9FFFMQUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFUta1K00fSLzVtQkMVpZwvPO4QsVRQSTgcngGgC7RXNfDvxv4b8f+G4vEHhfUEvLKQlScbXjYdVdTyrex7EetdLQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVj395PeXT6Zpkm2RCBc3AGRAD/AAj1c+nbqewK393PdXL6bpr7XH/HzcAZEA9B6ufTt1PavOPH3xE0bQNTg8HaRMYyZPL1C8jbP2bPbPeQkjcf4QSeuKHogWrNvxZq3k2h8PeHLj7KiNtu7tPmZf7yIe8hzy38Oe5xXOWdvBaW0dtbRLFDGNqIMkAf1PJJPfJ9aeiLGgjRQqqMADoP8/5606uKc3J+R2wgoLzCiiioLCiiigDP13SLDW7L7HqMRkjDb1KsVZGAPIPY8kV57rnw31CAmTSLtL2PtFNiOT6Z+61epUVcZyjsTKEZbo8h8IeFvEzasZojc6J5WUkuXQB8EDKqP4s8c9OK9dFL/TgewopTm5O7CEFFaBRRRUlBRRRQAUUUdTQBFe3En2dbG2k2XV0xjjYclFx88n/AR+rL61owQxW8EcECbIo1CIvXCgcD3+v+NYmiyfaLmTViMpKPLth6QA/e9t5y30C1vAggHseatbWM5LUWgAkhR3op0X3xnvQJk44AA7UUUVRBQ1E/OBnjJNO05zkx9gMimaiP3oP1FP01TlmP0FR1NX8JcbpVeQYJH4irNRyjjPpW9KVmcGJp3iVaCB9aVuDSV3+Z5Gwm1eoUUtFFF29xWS2M7Xfnjsrf/nvfQqR6hSXP/oIrO8cHjQjLj7Idctjc5+7jD+Xn/tt5X44rRv8A59b0uPGRGJ7g/ggUf+hVNrVnbX+j3lld2y3UE0Dq8LZw/wAp446cgEHsQPQVzYzDvFYepQUrc0XG63V01f5XNqVT2U4ytezTt6P/AIBe9K5bxpc21v4m8IB5oobmbUZYk3tgvGYH8xfxIT8dvfFUPB58aS+FNIuYtb0rUVuLOKUy30EglQsgJBMeQ+DkZ46c1Z1bw1A2h6zea9fHUb6exkD3LII0t1QGRRCv/LMKyhs5ySATX86ZQ6eUZpTrzmpckto3u9bdUrLffV9N7n3eL5sVh5QirXXX+tTox0H05qGX75/CodAuZ73QNNvbnHn3FnDNJjBBZkUk+/JNWZxwD71/UVN2kfmuzIgMkAda0LSPIAHSqcAyST9BWhYkVljJtQ06G+HipVVF7FoKAOlBGPelorxLs+i5VayADAoopD0pIeyK12+36gcfWsPSAY59StiOI7syL/uyKH/mTWrcksc4rNJWLxCyjpdWQOP9qJ8fnhx+VetRjyRSt6nz1eftJyv8v69C+ilgcHGKeqAEHOSKbEcHFSgZp1JNPfQzpxTS01Cil2t6U1jtBNZrU1d0Z+pkbDn/ADzXK31rBqNtPZXkSzwXKtHLG3R1bgg/n1/wrodbl2REDr0rDUkMD3BBFfS4GFqWvUwTaszy7SPBmhx+HbZZAdSvNeuJhavcgMbTTonIZgOnmOAF3/7fGMVtv4L0XW7vUvDcsEVpfXkb3uj3sKhJIpQAJYiR95M7G2noGbHSsvSby90TVdXivNE1i5/s+GRrcxwqY7fTkkd0O4HHzMXPqcD0qO717xO2m3N9H4fvF1rRNmpW8ltFvjjR1baHGQcbd6OB0wa/BMyw+Op4urT57NSet0km3eNl/KvdVrapt2fMY4jPM3nxJSxVpuCSjq3zSWnNNdXyuzbWyS7nd+FZLWXw1pkllbLa25tkEcKnIiAGCv4EHn/GtMEg5BII7gkGqHh62hstB0+1gfzIo7ZAr5B3ZAOeOucnmr1f0NS5lCKla9le217a28jolZy+Y7c2CNzYPJG44Pv70mcEEEgjoQcEfjSUVZIpJJyzFj0ySScVV1FJ8R3Vs0jXFvyqq5BkT+KP8cce4HvVmik1dWBaO42KZLiGOeOUyRuu5CSTkH+X/wCunVRi/wBDvzBjFvckvF6JLjLJ9G5YfRvar1EW2vMbVgooopiCiiigCa1lMb7WPynr7e9aMTbHDdu9ZFaUDboUPtg1y4iC37jRsQN2B9xVtGyM9x1rLtXJjGDyDiriPuGRwe9eJiKV2yVJxdzSgcEYPUVNWZFIUIOavwuGH868fEUXB36Hs4PFKa5Xuh00UcsTRSKGVsAg5Hfr7H3rY0nUI76NdF1tyzkj7JdZ2s7DoM/wyDr/ALX5ismmzRpNE0ci7kbGRkjv19jWEZOLO6UU0dnp17PDdDTNTYG5wTDMFwtwo7j0Yd1/EcdNeuL0fUkvVXQtbkZpGINnd52s7DoCf4ZR/wCPfmK39PvJ4rkabqTD7TjMMwGFuFHUj0Yd1/EcV0JprQyaaZq0UUUxBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAFe/u7axsp768mSC2t42llkc4VEUElj7AA14ZeftCyeItTm0r4TeCNW8aTRna97t+z2ac45du3vxXvEirIhR1DKRggjIIrNittJ8M6DMLDT4LOxtI3m8i0gVFwAWO1V7nBoA+bfh18Ofit4T+Kkvj3b4R8E6FqEinWdJjvWe2ZerMB0V+pGDgEnsSK+ltE1vR9bt2n0fVLLUIlO1ntp1kCn0JHSvkrQtNb42WNx8VfjH4tj0fwLFM/wDZuhxXgjjCI2MyHucjHTcecYBFSfA/VfClp8W/EPxH8Gaa/hL4XaRpBs7y4lLrHqE+8bGCHOWyRjvwOhfFAH2FRXL/AA98d+GvHenXF54cvXn+yy+VcwzQPDNAxGQHjcBlyORxyK6igAooooAKyNQu57q5fTdNfa44uLgDIgB7D1c9h26ntk1C7nurl9M019si/wDHxcYyIAR0Hq57Dt1PYHyn4wfEeDw3bSeEvCUwF+PlvLtTuNtkcgH+KU55PO3PrgUAHxf+I9v4btJPCXhKYC/AKXd2rbjbE9QD/FKc8nnGfXAr5/Y5BLnIOSxY5yT1Jz1zknP1o65JJJJySSSSSevufeoXtw0hkBye6vllP+FAHsfwv106nopsLmTdd2ICElss8X8Le5H3SfYetdfXz74W1O80TUbbUAuHgch0ViRJETyvvkfyFe/W08VzbR3Nu4kilQPGw6FSMg/rXJVjZ3WzOulLmVuqJKKKKyNQooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACs/WCZ/K0uNirXQPmkHBSEY3n2zkIP94+lXndERnkYIigszHgAAcn6cGqOkI0wk1KVSsl3gop6pEM7F9jyWPu3sKa7h5F9VUKFUBVUAAAYAGOlWIJsAI/QdDUFFLYLJl8HIBByPWlBxVa0YAlPXkVZq9zNqzsWaKAQR9RRVGZXuog5+YHB5BHrUsCbEAAx7U+ilYd3awUjDI56Glop7EySasVpY+ev0NM2n2q0yg8Y4qJ1K+9dVOq7WPMrYdJtpaEIHzAGnOMj3FI/UfSlQ5BBNbauzOZWTcTLT5/Esx6iCxRR7GSQn+UYrQQk4YEgg8H0rP0wb9T1abr/AKQkIP8A1ziX+rmrz/Kvy8c1pHXTqZT017I5K+bVPB80a6Tbw6npmoXyxQac8whltppSSRE5+UxEhm2nBXnGQeLVzZa94kjW01m0t9I0liDc2sc4nmu16+UzD5UjJAzjlhxxk1e8WWNzqGkK+n+Wb+zuIry0EjbUeSNshGPYMCyZ7Zz2qLT/ABh4fuYT9ov49MuI+J7S/byZ4G7qwP8AMcHt1r8a48ymeCxUcXg6Gk07ySbtO7u7apO2qdt7ta6n1mS4pVqXs6s9tk2tUUJLGLwx4hsBpo8jStWnNtLZgnyoLgozpJEP4A21lZRx0Ixg56GXmOue+3J4p16wm08NJo2lzG5N4VIS6uNjIiRZ+8qbmZm6ZwBmt+YgAKDz1r9E4Fjj/wCyaf16/Nd2vvy9L9e++tj5/OvY/W37G3S/r1/ruEDcFT9at2rbXqgpIII7Vbt2BOelfWYiF4vzPNptxmmjTB4oB565qFZPkHH50wSYbP614yot3Pblioq2papG6ioxKP8A9VO3j1qHCSept7aM1uQzqAeB1rB1fEN7pl0TgJcmFj/syoV/9CCVvTnJHpXP+KkZ9GuTH9+JfOTH95CHH/oNenhU3GzPGxNva2Wxpo3IYdDzVqIZcVnW8qyAMhyjjep9iM/1q7G+QD3FaYim1oY0Woy1LDjDEDpUE44JHfmpQcjNRXTBYzn0rkpJqSR1VrOL7HN64x84LnP+f/r1m1a1KYS3Jx0Xj8arAjIz0B5r7KhFxppPscZwdtqbanq+p+FUsWwdWlvNXuXGFkjjKi3gX1HCk9htI7mtnWNTbwzd23i6O2e4jsQUvoohl5LV8b8DuUIVwPZh3NL4F8E6bfrq0763rVpqY1GYX0cFwgXl2aJsFSQpjYEfQ1v3nw/0qK0mmvPFXiFbVEZpme7j2BADuz8vTGa/mfP8xwUc1r06l178lKLTbd3Z6+eiTXRKwsVw5nWKzGjmVCpBQpqPKry2S1T91rW7Rj+CprWfQjLp8iyacbu5/s91zta285vKI/2cHAH09K2qwfh5ZDTfBOl2SLMsUcTeSs331iLsYw3vsK1vV/SWX0/ZYSlDV2jFXe+iS18+/ma1nepJrq3ttv0CiiiuszCiiigCK8t1urZ4GYpuGQ46owOQw9wQD/8ArplhO88JEqhbiJvLmUdA4A5+hyGH19qsVRv/APRZ11Ff9WAI7kD/AJ554fH+zk/gT6VMtHzff/Xl/mUtVYvUUf545FFUSFFFFABV6x/1H41TRS7hByTWhDGIkCg57k+9YV2rW6jRKjFGyPxHqKvI/AdT1FZ9WbN85QnpyK4KkU1cTReSQNweDVm1ch+DxWfVmNjtB74rz61NOLS6ijLkkpLoaykEDFLVSGQjGDkGrYORXh1Kbg7M+hw9dVY36ohvLdLmExuNynGRkg5zwQexHUGtnRdSF9Euia6zGQkfY7vO1pGHQE/wyjGePvfmKzKZNFHNE0Ui7lPUZI5z1z2PcGpjJxZvJXR22n3c0dwNN1Jh9pwTDMBhbhR3How7r+PStWuM0jUFvo10XW5C0jEG0uwdrOw6c/wyD1/i/MVvafeTR3A03UWH2nGYpgMLcKO49GHdfx6V0Jpq6MWmmatFFFMQUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABSEBgQRkHqKWigDxy7/Zr+El3rj6nN4fmKPOZzYreSLabz1IiBwPoK7Hxr8P8ARfEHw8l8GWo/sazXyntGsolX7NJE6yRuqYwcOoJB685612VeYfHfwf4/8bW2m6J4U8Xw+HNInkZNYkSJjcvHjjy2B+oI46jnAIoA8Z8U/Fzw98EtQ8RSjxAfiF4/1mWA6jMka29rbpCmyNG2ZAIBbgZJJGcV9QeEtVl13wvpesz2E2nyX1pHcNazH54S6htje4zXxR8ZtI+F/wAPfH3hP4bJtt9F0tl1nxLdyJ5t1fSAZjhY+rAH5RgfvAe2a9m+Huv/ABk+KfjHTPFFtCPAvgO0k8yG1nhElzqaY5DA9FI6HgDtuxQB9DVk393Pc3R0zTm2yAA3FxjIgHoPVz2Hbqe2TULye4uW03TXxKMfaLjGRAD293PYdup9/LPjB8RoPDFnJ4U8Kyj+0cFbq6Vtxts9Rn+KU5/DNADfjB8R4PDVrJ4T8KSgajgi7u1O77NnqM/xSnP4Zr5+JLMWZiSSSSSSSSevuec5oYliSzEkkkkkkkk9fekoAbKzIhKjcQR6nA9f/rVBJLmBhJIm1gR5kfY/SrNIUQtuKKW9cDNAEVkcwAh9y5IU7CpAz09/rXrHww8R2Mmk22hXE3lXkO5Ig/CyruJAU/3hkjH0615b1680f454OCD2PtUzipKzLhNweh9GUVyXw48Sya3ZSWl6Qb20VSXHBlQ8B/8AeBGD+B711tcUotOzOyLTVwooopDCiiigAooooAKKKKACiio7maK3tpLidtsUSl3PoAP8igClqf8AplzFpa8xuPOuv+uYPC/8DYY+itWieTz1qlpEEqQvc3K7bq6bzZR/cGAFT/gK4H1z61dpvsHmFFFFIB0LYlU++KvVnqcMPY1oVSJkTxcoPyp1QRPtPPQ1OMEeoqjJ7hRRRTEFFFFABTJR8h/On0jjIpxdmmZ1I3iypJ96kQEuoHc4/WnunPuKgu3+z2k1ySMQxPJ/3ypP9K71JWPFlGXNoUPDh8zTWuv+fm5nnz67pGx+gFaDjcMVDoUH2fRLCBhkpbRg59doz/M1acYxinGaurBUp7voVmJ+6eg7VleIJNMgspr/AFeO0a1somkeS4t0k8pVGSRuBI+g9vWtV/vn61538f8Azh8OLwRZ2NdWwnx/zz80Z/DOK7HU9lCVS17Ju3ork4HDfWsVTw/Nbmko3fS7Sv8AK9zzbxL8UfFWsXTNpd3LoVgDiGKFVM5XsXc5xxztXAHvUegfE3xfpFysl5fSa9aA/vLa62iTb3McgAw2PXINch/Oj6V+fvOsa6vted+nT0sf1XHw8yBYP6r7BbW5vt+vNvfr28raH1TomqWWs6Ra6rp0vm2t1GJI2IwcehHZgQQR6g1oQMASp47ivNv2e/PHgS4WQERDU5/Iz024Xdj/AIFu/WvRevTrX6LQqe3oxm9OZJ+l1c/ljM8IsHjKuGTuoSlH7nb/AIJdEmBgjNPRtw4qJFJx7dTViKPg4BxXJV5YrzOakpzdt0CZzTmbHA5NPiQEkDoOtR3AKE49OK5k1KdjqcZQhzCEknJqlcoHGxh8rfI30Ix/Wp1cg88io513KwB68iu2jFwlY45zUtTH8Osx0W1Rzl4VMLH/AGo2K/0FbEDliD3zg1j6Wdl9qdsBjFwJlHtKgb+Yatm3QjGe3JroqWUNRS+Itp0NUNVlCQMxOODV/HyEd+9YfiIt5QweM4IrnwMFOsk+5vVuopGEzZYkkAsSfrSVUuWIuM+nIq2DkAjp1r66UOVJ9zApXWnB75dRs7y603UETyxdWzDcyZzsdT8rr1wD0ycdTUd1YX2phE1/XbzV7dGDLavEkEDEHILqn38ehOPY1o1heMfFOm+GLSOS88ye5nJFtaw48yUjqf8AZUZGWPqK8bF5Tlkq313EUoOcbPnaV9Nnd9unVdDsw08VVaw9Hmbk7KK1bb6K3c3ickk8mkryf/haeuedvGg6YIc/6s3L78f72MZrufBvivTfE9vKbUSW13AF+0Wk2N8eejD+8pOQCPTtWmDzjB4yfJRmnLtqn8rpX+R6OacMZrlNNVcZQlCL6uz372bt87G/WP4g8TaLoN7ptlql20Vxqc3k2kaxs5kbI446csB+NbDbtp243Y4z0zivm3xC/wAUdW+L+lWF6NDk1zRLZr63RQBAiY3ln568A/lXRisQ6CVk220trrz+dr2PHo01Ubu7WX9fjue96V4l0XVNf1PQrG7M1/pZxdoIyFjOcYDdDzxVHV/H3gvSNSm03U/Elja3kBxLDIx3IcA4PHuK8s/ZuPiaS/8AEPjDUhbHR7+WV7yXH7x5owX+Qf3fnPT2rz7SLkT3fiHxn4o+H154gsrm73vPJLJDHa7nJPI6nkD0GB61ySx81ThJJK93qnols9LvVddjZYeLlJX2t1Wr+Z9T6Dr2ja9p76ho+owXtojsjTRkhQwAJGT6Aise0+IvgW91ZdIt/Euny3bv5apk7HP93d0NeS/FbxLomm/BLR7LwPbnTtP16eQvEHYsirjzUJJPJYqD7D3rM0S08FXJ8M+E/E/gzVvDc06pJaaosgWS7dgBl8jhC2MY6YHTJqp42amoRs9FrrZt7JPpp1Yo0FyuTv17X06v/gH0Vp/+jStprkkRjfbknJMefu+5UkL9CtXarXtvI8CGE/6TbkNCznqwGNp9mGQfr7VLazx3Nuk8YIVxnB4KnPKn0III/CvQjo+X7vT/AIH+RzPXUkoooqxEtsCZ129jk/StCoLSLYm5vvN+gqeuKtJSlp0Ggq1aphNx6t/Kqw5IHqcVeA2gDrxiuao7ITF61ZUYUD2qGIZceg5qccmuKq9UiH2LMQ5A9KujpVJPvCraEECvGxF27ns4FpXQ6iims4U4PP0rlPSCWNJozHIu5WxkZwc5657HuDWxpGpJexx6JrUjGYnNpdghWdh05/hlHX/a59wMUTDPIOKWWOO4haORdyNjIyQQQeD7EdjVRk0xSjdHb6deTx3H9naiR9pAzFMBhbhR3How7r+PStSuO0nUY9QRNG1lz524G0uwdrOw6c/wyDr78+4rd069mS5/s3USougCYpAMLcKP4h6Ed17fSuhNNaGDTTsalFFFMAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACg8jBoooA8wufgZ8Prv4qXfxE1DSmvtUuQjGK5k8y3SRcDzAh/iwBweBjgVB8VvjX4J8C+KNL8IalrC2moai6rNMi710+MjiSUfw54A9M7jwOed/am+Pen/C/Sn0TRHhvPFt3HmKI/Mlmp6SyD1/ur369OvxH4Q8Oar441y48SeI7q5ngmmMlxPKxMl3ITyAfT1P4CgD7m+KvxOs/D1k/hnwfOsl6V/0i+Rg6w7hk4b+OQ5znnGfwrwFizMWZizMSSxJJJJ6k9z3qlFCmnxLHbxhbJAAIkB/dD/Z9V9quKQwBBBBGQQcgj1oAKKKKACiiigAoOACSQAOSTwBRUc8e8odqttJJVjgEY6f1oA6b4bXBh8a6dhiFmLwnHQhkPH5gHPtXtI5ANea/CDw4DbW/iK6lzIvmR28IIOzGV3MfXBIx2zXpdclZpyOuimohRRRWRqFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFZ13/AKbqUdkOYLfbPcjszf8ALNPpxvI9l9atX9ylnZy3UoZljXIVeS5yAFHqSSB+NR6XbSW1r+/KtcysZbhl6GQ9fwGAo9gPWmDLfv1NFFFIAooooAKtW0u5drfeA/MVVpUba4YdQaadhNXRfpyMVPt6VGjBlDL0NOqjMsgjGRyKKgSQqMdRUkbhjjGDTJsx9FFFMQUUUUAJgfWszxWP+KevEXhpUEIx1y7qv9TWpWdrg8x9Ntu0uoRFh6qgaQ/+g002nclxTVi1LGI3KqMKpwPw/wD1VE5ycVZlBKZ79aquME+/NdVF3Wu55eKjyPTYruPnNZutabbarp11pt/B59pdxmKZCcZUj9PUH2HpWtIhJyOveo8N0wa9KnNJHmPmhK6Pmfxd8PfE/hr7RMtpPq+lQq0gvbZAXWMAnMqdVIA5I4OK9D+HXwi0d9Et9R8W28moXt1EJfsxlZIbZWAITCkFmAIySeuQOma9I17TP7W0LUNLZvLF7ay25f8Au70K5/XNReDtai1bTvIcpDqlli31GzYgSQTKAGGO6n7yt3Ug96/JvEOlWy2hCpgbxjJvma6dkmtk9fuSv3/T8v4yzPNsOsJiqmkLarRy6e8762+XdmDe6JB4GsBqGgtLDodu2b/TXcyRxxM3zTQluUZc7iuSGGehAz18cOCcYPPUcg+/v65rD+IF1Dd6VL4Wt2jn1PV4zbrBnPlxHAllkx91FXPXqSAOtR/DnUrKOa/8JGeX7RpF1NBaLODultEYbCrH7+zcEbuMDPWurgHiLE18K8Li5uUt4t7uO1tdXrte+l+i0+YzrLoSrKdLS+/a+9/8/kdZBAQBngfzqyFAGKUDAor7WpUlN3bMaOHjSWm4gHtiq16OPwq0aq3ZGMe1aYe/OjHGJKk0UgwzgHkdqWoCSJSfepnOEJ9K9qUbNJdTwLGSg8rxLGcfLc2jKT23ROCPx2yH8q6C2jyeevU1haiRHLp1yeBDeKjn/ZkBjP8AMflXQ23XHfvXPi5NJpHXh4qU03/X9aCyLtz6YrG1xN9s3rjNa90wBrMv8NAxJowF1KMh4ppTsujOMvB+8DdiKsw8woT6CkuYy64HJUnHvRbgiFQRgjPX619lKScF3Rzjz0OK8H8e3Ut9471mWdifs8/2SEHokaAcD6kk/jXvB9K8m+LPhq8tdXm8R2NvJPZ3QBvljUs0EgAHmY7owAB9CPevl+KcNWxGAapK9mm13Sv+R954cZjg8BnkKmLaSacU3spO1m/y+fQ4itTwXdS2HjfRbiAkGW6W1kA6PHJwQfbOD+ArF+1W3l7/ALRFt653V3Pwp8NXd9rMHiG8t5INPtCXtPMUq1xKRgOB/cUE89yR6GvgMhwlerjqbpp+602/LqfufHubYDD5HXhXkm5xaitG23s/RPW/Sx66wLKUBwWGAR2yK+UB4ZuJLv4g64vinVwugg28V1uPmXjFivlsc8D5Rxz2r6vHFRfZbXZIn2W32yHMi+SmH9yMfMfrX6visKq7XS1+/VadVs9T+VqVZ07262/M8S+F/gzxF4Z+HK+KtC1e6udUuNMee20mZCbcMxB4XPLbRxx1NZGufF+88R/DWfww2j30/im/DWc6xwbYwC/LBRzuIwMeuTX0SoVQFVQoAAAAAx7e1NWKJZ2nSKJZW6yCNQ5/4FjJqHg5KPJTk0rWate/mrvRlKum+aSu73XT+kfOPxG8Eat4a+FnguWeza+Oj3EkupQoM7PNZX2nH8I27SfU+9XNd1n/AIXB8UPDEfh6wvYtM0hvtF1czpt2AurMDjoAFCj1JNfQnUEdiCCMAgj09/pTYo44U2QxRxJnJWNFQE+vGMn3pSwN5aStF2urau3n20VwVfTVa66+u+g9juYkjG45x+NUW/0O/D9Le7YBvRJscH2DYx9QPWrtMuYY7iCSCZSY5BtIBwfr7HofwFd0k2vNGC0eo+nwqGlUEZGRmqenzSMjwXLZuICEkOMbxj5X/wCBDn6g+latjGApkOCTwPaolNKLYNWdizRRRXEMVPvj2Iq+aqQxMXUsML1yat1hUabViWTQdD9akHBH1pkH3Me9SINzAVw1N2yNW9CcHB4qxAc5x061XxVmBAADXmVrcup6eFUnNWHysQnHBqlNMvlkI/zZ7VYu3wjLngD9cVm1wSZ7kFoSCeXPUH8Ky9a8X6ToM8cOp3XlyyrvSNY2ZmXOM8VoVS1fS7HVrN7S/t0ljYYzgB15HKt1U8A5pJ667FNXRmp8S/CF3G0Vy99CpI/1ls3XP3gV6Edc13Xhrxn4f13SpLe/1q1lSANLHfiQRldvO5s/cdRznoR9SK+cfHGkW3h/XWtLe9mliSBZXMygFdxOBkdcAdfeuZubaPU7eWK9iY2syFDCSVMinu38wO3BrrjFJXT0OSTd7NH1T8G/jT4P+I+papomj6n5uo6bKVG9fL+2Qg48+MHqueCOo47EV6jX5Ua9o+vfDfxNZ+JPDt/cwLDOJLW7jOHhf+434ZHowz7ivu/9mX456V8VtBFnemGx8UWcYN3Zg4WZRx50WeqnuP4T9RmyD2iiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK8J/al+PWn/AAu0h9G0Z4rzxZdx5hhOGSzQj/WyD/0Fe/0p37Unx50/4W6O2j6O8N54su48wQH5ktFP/LWUf+gr3+gr4e8J+H9W8ea9ceJPEd3c3EM8zSXNxKxMl1ITyAf5nt0HpQAeE/D2reO9duPEfiO7uZ4JpjJc3MrkyXUhPIB9PU9ugr2S2hhtoI4IIkiijUKiKMKoHb6UW0EVtBHbwRpFFGoSONBhVUdh7VJQAe44NVyjWzF4lLRE5eMDJU/3l9vUflViigBEZXQOhDKwyCDkEUtQPG8TmW3XcCcyRdAx9R6N/P2qWKRJYxIjZXpyMEe3sfagB1FFFABRRRQB6j8Gi39i3wNwGX7V8sORlPlGW+jZH5e9d3Xh/gFp18aaW1spLmba4DYzHtO7Prxk/hXt46VyVo2lfudlKV4+gtFFFZGgUUUUAFFFFABRRVbUrk2lo0qIJJSQkMZ/jkY4Vfp3PsD6UbgV3xe6uEzmCwYM/o05Hyj/AICp3fVh6Vo1X0+2+x2ccG/zGGWkkPV3JyzfiST+XpVimwQUUUUgCiiigAooooAkgl8skEZBx+FXOtZ9WLWQtlGPQcfSqTJkupYpOlLRTIJ423LnPI606qwJByDg1J5xx90Zpk2JaKi81s9BipAcgH1oFawtZt7+88R6bH1EUFxOfY4WMH/x81pVmwDzPE92+ciGzhiHtud3P8l/SmgZpEZ4A/Co2izngj1GDx/hXj/7RvxZ0bwr4W1zw9pmtyW3i3yYhBFHEwaMSFW3h+g+TP515zH8ZLWfxn8MNLh8cag+mWtpH/wkNyFcfaLg5JR+MuNwC59DWkFLdGVSEZbn1EYfQ0nktXlPxu+OWlfD+7uNB0/TptW8RxRCRoSpEFsCuQ0hHLcEHA/MZqH9mjxXr+s/DPWfGnjfWpbmNr2aRHkACQW8SAvtA6DJIx/sitFVmk29jneEg3ZdT1zyfU1wHxF8P2Wn3kvi19Ig1W3kEUOoWu7ypidwjSaKUEYI3BWVjgqARgg15AvjX4xfELQvEvxA8M+IIvDfhzRPMa0sgo3XAjG9hkg7mCkEk8ZIAr1/4ZeNF8d/A1vEuvWUMrGyuo9RhC4jlMStuwOwYYOO2T6CuTHYdYuhKjU2fZtNPo00000+zNaNONKXNHfUtaabqygltPC/gmfSriU7ZLrUVCRoR0ZzkvKB2Uf41W8XDTvBfhbR9TuLp9+m6tbyyXjrmSRppCLhiByd6s5Kj0HoK828H/GXXtM0WC01jSINZeONVS5SfypWGON+RhiOOe+Oa53x7411nxpeQPqCRWljbEtb2UDEqGIwZHY/ebBwOwyfWvyDA5Tj6GYQnOyhCSk2pNuVtlq+burNJJN7n6ZguD8wxVRUKlNxTteTskk9bqz1fbzte2p9W2d1a3tpFeWVxFc2s6eZDNE4ZJEPRge/FS14f+y9q84l1nwy7lrWFEvrZD0iLOUkUf7JJU49c+pr3Cv12lVVWCmuqPi81y+pluMqYSprKD37rdP7mtOmwjdKq3IJJFW6ilj3DPeuqjNRldniYum5x0MsxgvuJ464pJydo+tW3jGT2PtUEiYBB6HvXswqqTv2PBlFxepk66jyaNeKgy4hLoPdcMP/AEGtmxuVnijnQ5WRVkH4gH+tVCuGAcZXOD6EVS8LOyaVDbsfnty9ue3MbFf5AGtK1NTXy/r8yoycUmuj/r8jZvpP3bN+NYlxcnyGyFHHX+la10+YjnjiuWu+bhsHp/hXTl1FOLVthylzNyIq4rxf8Q7HRr6XTdOtDqd/Cds4EmyKA/3Wbu3sOneuj8U38ul+GdU1KD/XWtnLNHxnDBTg+/OPyr59t08uFQSWYjczE5LMeSx9SSSfxrj4lzqpltOMKS96V9d0kv1/A/QPD7hCjxFiKksVK1OmldJ2bb6X6LS999kj0XTvircrcAavoEa25PMllOXdPfYwGfwr0jTL211Gxgv7C5S4tpk3xTRnhlPf2PUY+tfO3tivRPgbdyiXWtKLE28flXUa9kaTer49AdgP1JrzuHOIq+Lr/V8RZt3s7W26Neh9D4gcAYPJ8GsfgLqKaUott76JpvXfdPvdeffnR9INx9oOk6aZ858w2ke7Pr061eJJOSSSe5pKK+3SS2R+OahRRRTAKKKKACiiigAooooAqairQsuoRKzNACJFAyXizyPcj7w+h9a2rIobaNkIZXAcEcgg9/pyDUVvBkLKW75AqOz/ANCuzYkYgk3SW3oB1aP8M7gPQn+7XJWmr2W3X1KWqL9TWqhnJIzjoKhqxZgfMc+gxXNPSLEyxSjJIx3pKfCPnz6Vyydk2QSouwYHOetWE4UcdqZGmRk9PSp41yQAOO1efWqLqzWlBt37j41yQB1PWpnbyoyQuTjgDvSogUZPXuahc7mJryqk+Z6HvYejyK73KMsryH5uxJwKZUssivnKYYHgj0qKsGdyAckD1OP1rltO8daJdai9hKtzZyrI6K0yDY5UnIBHQnBwKpfFPxTd+H4LS30+UwT3G5zKEDMACAFTPViT+GPeuA8BTRWfiFtb1T5vsNrNcxxk5/eYCgZ7uS3X3rWNO8W38jOVS0lH7zX+Jl5Yatds8trLb6hZXSwLDIoBaLYX3t/eOSMD+HPvXI1JqM02oam+pXjb7qR2diOBlsZH6AD6Co66IxskjmlK7bIb20tr20ltLuFJoJVKyRsMgj+h75rxzXdK174a+KLTxH4cvriBYJhJaXcZw8Tf3G9eOOeGGfevaahvbW2vrSW0u4UnglXbJGw4I/ofeqJPo39mb45aV8V9AFrd+TY+J7OMG8swcLKOnmxeqnuOq5+hPs1flVrWma/8M/FNp4k8N31xbrDN5lpdxn5om/uP68cYPDDPvX3h+zP8b9J+K+g/Z7kxWXiazjBvbMNgSDp5sXqp7j+En6GgD2WiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACvDP2o/jzp3ws0Y6VpLQ3viy8jzb25OVtEPSaUf+gr/Fj0Gaf+1F8eNN+FWjHS9LaG98WXkeba3J3LbKf+W0vt6L/Fj0Br4a8L6DrPj/xDc+JfEt5c3EU0xkubqVsyXL91H6c9AMAewAeFNA1fx7r9z4l8S3dzcxTzmS5uZWJkupCeQD/M9uAO1eyW8ENtBHBBGkUUahI40GFUDsPai2hhtoI7e3iSKKNQscaDCqvoPapKACiiigAooooAKhmhfeZoGCykYIP3XHofQ+/86mooAjgmWXcNpSRDh42+8v8AiPepKjngWXawYxyJ9yQdR7e49v5U2KZt4huFCSn7pH3X9x7+1AE1FFFAHU/CmxuLnxit0JIhBZwtKwI+Y7gUA9+pPtj3r2Ovn3TL+90y9S8sLh7edAQHXByDjII7jgcV6BoPxJiZVh1y0MTdDcWwLKfcp1H4Vz1YSbujopTilZ6HoVFUNM1jSdTQNp+o21xnoquA30x1zV88HB4I7HrXPZrc6NwooooAKKKKACs6L/TdWef/AJYWRaKL0aYj52/4CDtB9S3pUuq3EsFsEt8G6ncQ24PQOQfm+igFj9PeprK3itLSK1hz5cahQT1PufUnk/iaeyuBNRRRSAKKKKACiiigAooooAKASCCDg0UUAXkbcgb1GadUVscxAY+6cVJkZC55Izj2q0ZvcWiiigQVNCw27e4qGgEqQR1pg9SyeATWbo3z32rz9Q175QPtHGifzBrQhfe6huOefpms7wxubRY52+9cSSzn/gcjH/Cn0IPmv9rzVheeMtH8Jw+CWmuWu4bj7dHCDLqKBAPJQ4ydpYj8q53wh4kjvvjxq/iGD4Ry3FtHDHYjSorYFdOfKr5jjbgN8rcnHU+lfS/iHwFBrXxS8OeOrnVJw2gxstvYhAUZiW+fdnjqOMfwim/C/wAAweBrnxDdx6tc6lda7qBvbiaSPyyDljs4JyPmJzWkZpK39f1YmUbv7v6+84/9q59M8P8Awk8Q6ha2VnDqetTQ2Ut0kKiWYFssC/U/JGRiud8Q2E/hb9iRLSFTHNNpsDz4BB/0iYO36MBXpvxj+G2n/EzR7DS9T1W9sLezuTc4to1YyMV24OegAJ59zXSav4f0rVvC8/hrULUT6ZNarayQk4JjCgDB7EYBB9hU3svmOyv8j5+mv7Pwd+xBaiKREm1m0aGP5hmSSeZjJ9SEU/kK9K/Zz8Mvo/wK0bSdSiYNfW8txcRkYYLOTheenyEH8a5nw/8As1+GLDVrWbVPEOs63pdlKZbXS7khYUJOcHBORnGcAZr3IAAAAAADAAGAB6e30pya6dWJJ9dkfHXijw/qHhLXpdA1VGWSL/j2nIwl1Dn5ZFPfjGR2INaPgDwdqvjTVJraxlSzs7Xb9qvXXeEJ5CKv8Tkc+wxnqM/Umv6JpGv2Bsta0y01C3zkR3EYYKcdQeqn6H865fwFpemeG9U8Q+HbC1SzRL77fBCGJzbyxoFYE8kBkdT6Ee4r4fihTy3BTxeH1d1pba7387dPNr5/puH8QMZWwMcFblqWtz91bs9nsr+rtcxfCHw/1HwHdXmqeHdTXWbi4hWOazv4hF5qqS22ORf9WxJ6njgZr0XQtUtdZ0i31O08wRTqTskXa8bAlWRh2dWBBHqDRkBWJYAdSScAD+grH+HWZdHvr9M/ZtQ1W5u7TIwDCzKFcezbSw9QQe9edwJnuNx8qlDEPmjFJp2tZt2tole+rXp2PjM3TlU9tOTcpb3d3p978jpaDRRX6MePvoyKRATnHNQvF6rkGrdIQD7VrCtKJy1MLGd2Z0kPykY49DWLZJ5Op6pAMgealwB7SIAf/Hoz+ddRKgwfXFc9fgQ+IoHxgXNpJGfdkYOPxwWr0sNiHNq55VfD+yfqVr66KqR68Adyf8KyWJYlicknJqfUCftJB7D+pqvX1NCmoxTXU5mRXttBeWc9ncpvguI2ikXplGBBA9Dya+ftf0m+8M6idN1RSqAkW10RiO5TswP97plexz6ivoao7q3t7qBre5t4biFuTHKiuh98HvXm5zk1LNKajJ2ktmtbep9TwpxXiuG8TKrRipRkkpRezts09dV6eTPm/wA+PzFjQ+bK5xHHEN7uewAHJr2X4WeG7nQdInudSj8vUb9leaLdnyUUEJH7kZJPuT6V0WnaRpOnSGXT9LsLOQggvBbqjY9M9RV3HpXFkvDlPLZurKXNLo7bLrbc9bi7j/E8RUo4dU1TprVpO7bWzb00XRLrqFFFFfSnwAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAXbF8xlO6n9KL+3N1b7Ffy5VIkhkx9yQdG/wAfYmorI4m+oNXa4q0UpNdyk7alewuRd2wlKGNwxSSM9Y3B+Zf89iPWr9nncx7Y/Wsm5BtL9bxcCCcrHc9grdEk+nO0+xHpW8ibECdxwfr3rmnKys9/61CWnzHIu5gOlWFUAAAVHB3P0qZfvD61w1ZO9uxk9XYmRcAAVbhGADVZPvCrcWAvFeRiJOx62CinL0I7iRlDAA8Dp61ShlkZmH3sgnHYGpbuYq+EbDZ5qAzOU2YGT1IHJrhb1PaitCOq17drblY0jM9w4zHCpAJHdj/dX1P86inu5JJntNPCPMhxJKwzHB7H+83+yPxxVHXb+08L6NPqMiSXU0jqpLMA88hzgE9gME46AA/ikrspuyueafEm6urjxTLb3k0UxswqoUQgRFkBZV9ByM+uB0rlZUkM8TocqMq4zgEEdffGOlaGsX0mp6rd6hKgR7mUyFQxYLnHGe+MYqpXbFWSRxSd22FFFFUSFFFFAEN7a299aS2l3Ck8EqlJI2GQR/j3zXjusab4g+GXiqz8S+Gr+5t1hm32l3Gfmib+4/r3GDwwz717RUN9a217aS2l3Ck0Eq7ZI3GQR/Q96APpH9mn436R8WPD/kzmKy8S2cY+3WW7Acf89Y/VD3/uk4PYn2Kvyq1bT/EHww8W2niTw3fXECwzb7S7jPzRt/zzcd+MjHRhX3r+zZ8bdH+LHh0RymKy8SWaD7dZBuGH/PWPPVD+ang9iQD2CiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArxD9qD476Z8KtFOmaYYb3xXeR5trYnK2yn/ltL7ei/xY9ATR+0/wDHfTPhVox0zTGhvvFd3Hm2ticrbKePOl9vRf4vYDNfDPhjQ9Z+IPiG68S+Jby5uYp5jJc3MrZkuX7qPT0z0AwB2oAXwzoetfEHxFdeJfEt5c3EU8xkubmVsyXL/wB0e36AYA7CvY7aCG1t47a2iSKGJdkcaDCqo7UWtvDa20dtbxJFDEoWONBhVUdqkoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACmyxpKhjkUMp6g/z9vrTqKAKxkktv9aWlg7SYyyf73r/AL1WQQwDAggjIIOQff3o6H3qu0Lwkva7QCctCThWPqP7p/T6UAWKKjgnSYEDKuv3o2GGX8PT3qSgAwN4fHzA5DDhgfXPUV0mieNdf0sLH9qF7AvHlXWWIHoG6iubopOKe41JrY9p8KeL9O18i3wbS+wSbeRgd3uh/i+nWujr51RmR1dGZWQhlYEgqw7j0NerfD3xe2rg6bqkiC/UZikwF+0Ljp7OPTv+Fc1SlbVbHTTq30e52lAHIAGSeAPWiqOsSyeVHZW7lLi7JjVh1jTHzv8A8BB49yvrWO5sR2BF7fy6huzDEDb2uOhGf3j/APAiAB7L7mtKmQRRQQxwwoI4o1Coo6BQOBT6HqCCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAVGdPusRT0lYS725zwfpUdFFw0NCiq0EwAWNhjsDVmr3M2rBRRRQIr6lOLXTrq5Jx5UDvn0IU1LokXkaRZW54aK3jQ/XaP8TWf4oBbQriBetwyQD33uq/1Najkb2K8DJx9M8fpT6C3LFFVwzDgMaeJSOozRcVmS0UgYMBgjmlpiCiiigAriNW02LxF4+uxNc3Vo+h2UCWc1rJ5ciSXG55Hz/ENqIu05H3j1NdvXE+Jbm+sfHsM+hae+ozNpwOsWyuqfuA7eQ6E/8tdxlAXugbpgV8/xQqv9lVvYyUZWWrsk1dXWumu1no9nub4XlVVc2qv/AF925O/hae9Uw654j1PVrMtzaOscMUg/uybBlx7ZGe9WPAiiwn1nw7EWNppVzELMEk+VDNGJBF9EIYAdlIHYVA3ikygxWPh7Xrm76eTJZmBVJ/vSN8qj1PNSfDQyvpmozaioTW31GT+1YwcrHMAAiJ6xiLyyh7gk8E18VwJHGLG1PbNKKj8OivqtVFf+leaR24/2XIuTV38/z/Q6qiiiv1U8sKKKM+pAoAbLnYcVzniHKGzujx9nu4yT/svmM/8AoQrpeoxWT4ksGu9Hu4YRmSSF9g9HA3KfzArqwtRQdn1PPx1GUrTWy39DD1G0JkLg4PT2+n1rn7nUkS9lsLKyv9Vu4OJorCAyeUcdHb7qn/Z61zlx4i8bfEy+uLb4e3cOh6HbsI5tZlTLzSYBIj4PAzwAPQkjIrVsdG8T+B9FjEut3BsIfmlu4SJ4oiSS0k8DIrMpJyzqxYcnpXm55x7TwH+y4OUZVl0ley+7dvor/LZPTDZLUa56yai1ey1fz6Lv+GjL1nqlvcXjWMsN3Y3ypvNpeQmKUpn7w7MvbIzV2ovFl6NW8AX+pXVqlprfh+XzdqPv8idNp/dt/FHLGwx6q4zyK0JrGRCewPIBB49v6V7XBvFU89ws5YiChUhLlkk/dd9U18v81ucuZYGOEmuR3i1dX39GVKKc8bIcMuM/lTa+0umrnmhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUU+KNpThR9SegobSV2BNYIS5fHAGKuUkSBVCqOnp3NTJBITyNo9TXBUqJttj2EiiSYSJLGJI3QowI4IIwR+ppulyPGZNOnZmltgNjscmWI/df3PG0+496uIoRAo6fzqK/tpmWO8tYy91bEtGnTzVIG+M/7wHHuB71w1ZpPmFe+jL8a7V5OSeamiUg7iPpTLN4riCO5hfzIpFDocYyD/ACPb8D6VbjiLcngV5taskmaUqMpS21GopY4FTyt5MORxT1AReB061la3qMdvsgCvLcSZMdvGAXcev+yvua8yrUc3pse5hcP7PV7sZPLGivNIyxxgbmZmACj1z6VnB7jUxiMy2tkR/rMFZpx/s/3F/wBrqe2KfFZyXEi3GpMkjKcxwJzFF7/7bf7R/CotZ1KyhuotJurue1lvoZTHOh2hAoGTvPCtzx9KwW539NSlN4r8MaXPPpk14LOSzfy2hMLAA4ByPUcg596wvGmraD4j8JX72l8xewkSSMujIHkIICjP3twLD8q5f4hz6e+sW8WnXQuzb2ix3FyH3NNID1YjhmxjkevtXONJK0SwtK5jVi6oWyoYgZOOxOAM+1bxpqyaepzzqtNxaVhp6kDpSUUVuYBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAEN9aW19aS2l3Ck8Eq7ZI2GQR/T1rx7VLDxD8L/ABZaeJPDd9cQJDNvtbtD8yH/AJ5uOh44x0YV7PUN/aW1/Zy2l3Ck8Eq7ZI2HBH9PXNAH0p+zb8bdG+LHh4RyeVY+I7RB9usd3Xt5sfqh9Oqng9ifX6/KvVLDxD8L/Flp4k8N39xbrDNvtLtOqHvG/Y8cY6MPxx96/s2/G3Rvix4e8uQxWXiS0jBvrHdwR082PPJQnt1XOD2JAPX6KKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigArxD9qD476b8KtG/szTDDfeK7yMm2ticrbKek0o9PRerY9M0v7T3x20v4VaKdN05ob7xVeRk2tqTlbdT/y2lHp6L/Fj0ya+GfDWhaz8QfEd14l8S3lzcRTzGS5uZWzJcyd1HoOg9AMAdhQAeGND1n4g+IrrxL4lvLm4inmMlzcysTJcv/dHoPfoBgDsK9jtreC2to7a3iSKGJQscaDCqvpRa28FrbR21tEkUMahY40GFUDtUlABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBHPAk2Ccq6/dkU4Zf8R7VF57wYF3jbnAmUYU/wC8P4T+lWaOoIPQjB759vcUAAxgc5GMgjkEetFVvs7wEtaMFXqYWJ2H6f3f5VJBcJK5iIaOUcmN+Gx6+/1oAlp0bvG6yRu0boQyspwVIPBHpTaKAPcvBmtHXtAhvZFVZwTFOBwBIuMn2ByG/H2qzpR+1zS6s2SswEdsCOkIJ+b/AIGct9NteffC64kuYNQ0FC4E8kc0hGQEhwVk57FsBR9Se1d2LPVB4qF4LqNdJSy8lbZSc+ZuHzEewGAfwrjnFJs7YSbijXoqpZXqXV1ewIvFrKIi4cEM2wMRjsQTj8Kt1nsWFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFPjldBhW496ZRRcCYXLd1B+nFLHcEsA+MHuO1QUU7sVkR6vIklzpUAcENfLIR7Ro7/zC1pjoB6CufuAJPEVkvUQ208pGOMsyID+jfrW1bgrCzA9eQKq5LjYnoqvFcFpAGAAPerFG4mmtwpQ7DoaSigROjbweMEU6oI2CuD270ruWOFOBTuTbUkeQKcDk1ycUq2PxEvo7tgn9s2lu1kzcB3gV0kiH+0AyvjuGPoa6Wqer6ZYatZGy1G1S5gLBwrEgqw6MrDlWHYjn8yK8vOctjmmDnhZPl5krPt1+7v5djajU9lNTSvYtEHBzkBefm4AFc94JnW91DX9dtWDWOoXkaWkg6SrDH5ZlHqrNuAPfbnvTT4M0yYeVe6hruoWv/Ppd6izQn2IUAsPYn866OKNIo1jiRI40AVURQqqAOAAOgGK+b4W4Rnk1aVerUUpNWSV7atXbv10Xl6nVi8Z7eKjbzJDI5/ix9KQsx6saSivtzhFDMDncaQ5Jz1NFFAFhWDDIP1rwv44+J/EWveLF+HHhDzDIAovPLkMZnkKhyjv/AARIhDMe5IHbB9rIyCB3GK8o8I2iad+0L4xivNom1GyS+sGbq8TMvmBfXDKAR7CvKz3HVMDgKuIpq7ir2+dumtlfXyv6ndlvs41XKaTaXup6rmeidno7XckndNpJpq6et4C8NeLvB3hHT9Etbjw7dR2cZBi8qWIyszFmJk7E59PT0rqtJ1i01XTLma5hktGti8V/a3GN8BC5dW7FdpyD0KkHvWt/Dn9a8H+MieIvEfxPXwN4SvEhGo2UDa2GO2MxxmQ/vGHzAbWQEDrkDuK/Fctw9TiHGOlJJTfvcyVuq5rpb76PR3trbb1JR9glZu2z6289unXe/qTfCC7l8aX19ZRyA6HZQ6e90/X7a8assUX+ygKhm6ltijoa9iliOSeuTkg+tU/hv4O07wZ4ZTSbOQ3Ert5t3csoVp5cAFsdgAAFHYAeprelt8ngZB/Sv6EyinRwFNwgrXd2+77t9f6sfG5rRdSrzUruK0Xp3strvW13a9tbXeHLao4+7j14yKpXNgWIK8HpkDg10xtsAfLn8aYbXdxtr6CnmSjqmeS6FVOzRyH2WXYScAg4xUkVqCgaQsCe3TFdE9pjII/PvUIsxGSVAP15xXcswUlZMzd1uYEtq6nKfMP1FQHIPIIP0roZYEJOV2n1FV3t2ByMN6etdEMWmtRaMyFjdhkISPpUqWjkZZgvt1NaPkyZAC9e+eBU0VpuHLEn24FE8VZXukMxzayg/wAJ984oW2lPXC/U1tm2RQCyH65p0VorH5YyR71m8bZXv/X3i0MiOzBIyWb2AwM1owWbNjIwPQcVqQ2JwDjA/IVcit1THGTXm4jNEtndnRTwtWpsrLuzNitNoAAx9KmFuOCB+laBjUnkU7CqOcACvMnj5s6o5c29WZ4tjjpyPap4rfAHb+dOlu4kOF+Y+3QVHJdDAKtk9gOK554ycludNPLYRab1K8EY0/VDb7cWt6zPDxxHNjLJ7BsFgPUN61pnaql2KqqjJJIAA9fYVzmtX8U8cmnbJLi5YArHAfniYHKyE9E2kA8+nvVfTpbrVEMmttFJc28myS0jBEEbgD5sf8tN2QwJ456cVzuTerO1UUnojZ+2XOofLpeIrc8G9kTIP/XJf4v948fWhNNt7VXEIYyPzJLI26SU+rHv9OgqFPEel/2wNHlvYRfsm4QlvmxjP8u3pWjLKrAHIAAJ60nZopJpmdXKfFSC1l8IXM1yrM8TL5IDEAszAcj+Ie3sK6skkknuc1zHxG0XUdb0aG301kLxT+a8TuEEgCnnJ6Fc5qYW5lqaSvyuyPGz6dAOgHAxSU6/R7OeSCRRI8cmxjC4dc+oI4I5602u44dgooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAIb+1t76zls7uFJoJlKyRsOCP6eua8f1Ow8Q/C/xdZ+JfDd9cQLDNvtbuP7yH/nm/Y5HY8MM+9ezVDf2lvf2ctpdwpPBKpWSNhwR/Q980AfSn7Nvxt0b4seHfLkMVj4js0H26x3df8AprH6ofTqp4PYn1+vys1Ox8RfC7xdaeJfDV9PAsM2+0ukPKHvG47gjj0YV96/s3fGzRvix4dCv5Vj4is4x9vsd3B7ebHnqhP/AHyeD2JAPXqKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAK5rxvf69/Y2o2Pg6K0n18Wztbm7JEET4+XeR3PYfngVo6jeTvcHTtOK/aSMyysMrbqehI7sey/nxXmXxb+Idt4Osn8N+G5RJrMgzcXBO8224ffb+9K3UDt9ABQB8MW3g/xV4n8d6rfeOzfJdxXbLqTXJ/fSzDqg9O3I4AxjtXq9rBBa20dvbxJFDEuyONBgKo7VPLJJNI0s0sksjsWZ5HLMxJ5JJ6n3plABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABTJoYplCyIGAOQehB9Qe1PooArE3Nv1DXUXqMCRR/wCzD9akFzbtA8/mr5cYJc90HuO1S1v+BNB0jxBrT292sgu7fZc+YjhcRAnAx/GS4HB4wD60pNJXKjFt2O2+Eeg3+k6VeX2pxeRc6hIkiQkgtFCq/Ip9G+Ykj39q7es43V9ZAm+hN1COTc2yHcPd4+o+q1dtp4bmAT28qTRHo6MCP/rGuKTbdztiklZFdILawnkktbFhJf3Ia4aFerlceY/oMKAT9PWrlFFSMKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiigjI470AZ1rmTxDfv2it4IR7E7nI/UVpBmAOGIBGDWdo/wA82pz/APPW+dR9EVU/oa0KbBBV5DuRW9qo1atDmLHoTQiZbE1TIgCjcAT1NQ04yErtx2xVozdxp4NFFFIYUUUUAFFFFABRUM8wUYU5b17Cqxdm6sT+NJuxSi2XiQBywA+tZHifxLofhnTjf63qCWsGdiDBZ5Hx91FHLN7VY5PA618z/FXV5tb+IOpySsTDp0z2NohPEaocOw/2mbJJ9h6Vz4nEqhTc9+i9T3eHcinnONWGjLlVm2+yVr2+/wDXoeoP8c/DjTmMaHryQE48/YhIHrszmty7s/DvxA0qy1jS9UkWe0lZ7DU7JglxaS4+ZSD0zxuRuD+Rr5ursPgxq8+k/EKytY2ItdXb7Lcx54Z9paN/qpUjPoxrz8PmHt5eyqxXvfdr0d76H23Efh/Ry/BSxWFqSfIryUrarq1ZLXr+Wu/qt+nxQSe201PFnhuOO63oL4aRJ567V3Z2btm4jPfHBrW8B+D9N8JLPNbz3V/qd6/mahqN2wae5bPf+6vOQo/WtDXj5dtbXZ4+y3cMpPopbY34Yc/lWjuUEfMnXH3xg8/rXVg8twmCu8NTjC+7SSb+fby28j8xlOUvibfq2aEUoWZkIwe3vVkOuM7sVUMZklV1BJHJA5yKeVYYJBAPT0Nd+pg0mTh1JCinCq6qxIO0kZxntT7mVY0OTg9Md6d9CeXVDmkjI56evakKxSAYIP0rMd2ckk4Hp2pqsykbWIPtQqjTHKjGSs9S+9qOcd6YtiufmAqBbmZRjdnnOT2p5vZSOAo/Ct44yolozkeW0m72/ElNkpHbI6VJFaqnXtVY3kpGMDPrUUksj5DMcdcDpSliqjVmyo5fSTvYuOLbOwuCc8Ac05JIVB2gfXIrNorJ1pNb6G8cLSi7pK5ptdRA4BH40hukK5DAe5rN6UrDaAWwoPckCo5ma8iLn20dcEn6VVu7r92800ixxINzMWwqj1J7D3rP1vV9N0XTpNQ1S8it7dMAsWBJJ6KAOWY9MV4v4y8U6j4ovFaGJ9P0+MFYo5GO9gSMsV6EnA4PAx9aqMXN+QpSjDpqeuXPizwxbRGSXX9OAxkATBmb2A6k06G7k1RN6XsNlaekc6GdxjoT0jHt1rwa3t4oWLqu6Q9ZHwXP49voKf5cX/PJPwUCtfYruZe3fVHvk95ouh2uJrqzsouWIMg3P79yx968/wDE/wARhb3v2vQbPKhPLnmuVIDpnhwg5ypJ5PYn2rhQFzuCjd6nk0EZzkZHfPOaqNFLV6ilWb0WhrHxHqzeIU18zwtfIAA3kgIV2kY29xgkZ69PSt1/iRrrSQOtrp6LHnzECtiXp/3zj29a4S0/cubNs7UXdCT3TP3fqvT6Ee9WKtwizNTkjuX+JurshCaZpyN2Jd2A/DvWHrvi3XdZtja3d1GtuWDGOCPywSCcAnOSOcVhUUlTitkN1JPS4AAAAAADoAMAUUUVZAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBDf2ltfWctpeQrPBKu2SNhwR/T1zXmOkeFPHHhb4n6NJ8Pmu5dQuLnGmyQfeDckpJ2xgHOeCoPoa9Up8Es1vPHcW08tvPEweOWJyrowPDA9j/nucgH2d4Y1DUnsray8RR20GtLbo84tmJglbA3NETyRnPB5H5E7leT/AAq8e2vjrTk0bWZFtvEFqu+OVPlM+P8AlrH6N/eX3PUGvRdNvpTOdP1ALHeIu4EcLMufvr/UdvyoA06KKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACsvUb2Z7g6bpxX7VjMshGVt1P8RHdj2Xv16CjUb2Z5/7O04qbogGSQjK26n+I+p9F7/SvNviz8QbTwXYSeHvD0gl1qYbppiQxtyw++/8AekPZfp2AFADfi18QrXwbZSeHPDsgl1qQFp52Ic2+4ffc/wAUh7Dtx0AAr50mkkmleaaR5JHYs7uxZmYnkk9yeuaJpJJpXlmkeSR2LO7sWZyTyxPc96ZQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFADZZEiiaWRsIgJJ/z37VN4dvL7SLtNTtpfJvSS5OAwAPGwjuuMD86py5mulg6xxYkk75b+Ff6/gPWp5FLIyhipIwCOSDijRqzDVO6PZ/CviuHUtHW91X7Npj+d5KlpgElbAOUzyPp7Vs3GnW8spvIGe1uGGftFuQpbjqw+6/4/nXz3LAkgUEkAH5uAd4x0NdDF4s8RxXX2iLVZkOAoiCgxBQBhQnYcYrCVF30Z0RrK2p6+LnULQf6bb/aoh1uLVTuHqWj6j8M1btLm2u4vOtJ0nTuUOSPYjtXA6B8SYziLXbTyz2ubZSV+pTqPqK6TSL7RfFAnvbFbiKaCXyzMAYpc4yG/2geevoaycGt0axmnsdBRWcW1a1PKpqcQ7riKcD6fdepbTUbO6lMKSlJx1hmUxyA/Q9aixdy5RQRg4PB9D1opAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAULjcD2Byaa7BULOwVVBJJIAA9fYV5342+I8NpZXUWgxpcukb5upAfLHyn7g/iPv0qoxcnZEykorVnaeGedDtZT1mDzk+u92b+orSrxyw8feIrS0t7YDT2WGJIwDbEEhVA9fbrXU+FviDDfXK2mswRWcsjYjmjJMRJ6K2funtnp9KuVKS1sTGrF2R3VSQOVkHOAeDUfseCKKyNDQoqK3cNGB3AAIpzSopKlsHuMVdzOzvYfRSKQQCDkdaWgQUUUUAFQvOqqGUZycelNuZcZjU8/xH+lV6TZaj1CiiipKDntwa+cvjJoE+geNbq/aNhpurzG4gmx8qykfvIiezZBYeoPsa+jar39naahZyWV9aw3VtKMSQzIHR/qD/AD/lWNehGvDklp59mevkecVsnxkcVSV9Gmu6e6v02WvQ+SyOa7r4GaBcax4vh13y2Gm6SzN5pHyzXBXaqL67QxYntwO9emL8KfAIufP/ALAyAciJruUxfTbn9K7G0tre0to7W1t4reCIbY4okCIg9AB0HeuPDZcqM+eTv2/zPsOIeP5Zng3haFPkUtJNvW3ZJd+rfT108T/aa+JUGieH9Z8Fx6Vqhvb2zjRL5QBbqJGBZSeudqkfj9a8oh8f2dzr/wAM9OTRte+xeGoVa8gx+8uZC4Yuo7rkDk9s13n7VV14y1TxR4e8FWNhaTabqN3HNYLuAe4nUbWV+eEBb26mud+HNx8V73406zrOk6FpN1rGkQjTbuGSQCC1jZsbU+bkgKw4PTNe3TS5V/n8j8wqSfM/8vmdL+0D4+n1f4n23w2i8U/8IxodrsbV9RVmDFyu8r8vJCghQvGWJz0ro/glplz4Vu9f8R6f4+tvEnw9S2llHmXLPcxPGu/cUP3GGGHuCDXIeAdO8MP+1N46m8amwVrWS4ntY9Rx5TMXXL/NwcRkkD3z2rlvBFzCnhv40XejFrfw7dQNBYooIV2M5aNV9/LDHHpR9my/q4fau+/5GdceN4/iPrWsat4x8d6h4dJBTRbK13mCJsEqH2kbUGAC3Ukk9q+ivgxq89t4DFn4j8S2uq3emDdJeB2INucbCWYZcjkZ+nWvlK0i8OwfB+eaQWr6lPIQCcGUSBxgDuAFBP4mvSvhws8Pw/0kXNxKLl4yHhKHAhDBoyW7nIHHbA9auULqxnGo07s+mtG1XT9YtDdabcrcRBihIUqQ2BwQenUGmazrmk6Om/Ur+GAkZEedzt9FHJrxjw9ruo6DdSXGnyJmVNsiSqWRxnrj1HY+5qjfXM19f3N9cFTcXMjSSFRgZJ6D0HQD6Cs/Y676Gnt9NNz1gfETw2ZlTN+EPWQ2xCr9e9dd3NfOikqysOCpBBIzgg/r06V12nfELXre4nluxb36y8iNwY1jPqu3oD6USo9gjW/mPXexPYdSeAK5jxJ420nRp2tMTXt0oBMcGNq5HAL9B64rzLxL4j1LXrnzLuUxQjiO2idhGn8tx9z+lY6qAAFUADoAKI0esmEq3RI9C/4Wfcf9AKD/AMCj/hUtp8TlMh+2aKyx4ODBcBmLemGxge9eZS3UEb+WGMkv/POMbm/+tTB9smPJW1T0GHkP9FrT2UTP2sjvdf8AibftCUs4INMVuBIz+ZKfoOgPvXEXd7qeouXmmuCCc+ZdSM7H3CZwPrTYLaGAlkUmQ9ZHJZz+PapaqMUtkTKcnuyGC1iifzcNJL/z0kYs34f3fwqaiiqJCiiigAooooAiuonkQNGQJUO+MnpnHT6Hp/8Aqp0EqzRLKoIDDoeoOeR9Rgin1Wb/AEe739IpzhvRX7H6NjH1A9aALNFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAS2lxPaXUV1azSQTwuHjkjbayMOjA9v89cmvpL4W+PbPx1pyaRq8i2niG2XfHJH8plx/y1j9D/eX3PY180VNaXNxaXUV1azSQTwuHjkjbDIwPBHp/n1NAH2ppl/IZmsL8LHeRjII4WZf76/1Hb8RWnXlXwv8eWXjvTk0rVZFtPEFqN6Oh2+bgf62P3/vL7+lehaXfyNMbC/Cx3sYzxwsy/31/qO35ZANOiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiis7xFrOm+H9EvNa1i8is7CziaaeeQ4VFHX/PuBQBo0V8oQftI+M/H3jqHw78M9H0XTLWcsLO78QyNGb3b/AAoBgbj1Cgk9a9l/Z/8AiTN8R/C17dahpyafqulX8mnahFE5eEypj5o27qc0AelUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVl6lfTNcHTtO2m6KgySEZS3U/xN6n0Xv9M0anfTNcf2dpu1rsqC8jDKW6n+JvU+i9/pXm/wAVviBaeCLB9A0GQT63MN00zkOYNw/1j/3pD2H07ACgBPiv8QLXwVp7+H9AlE2uTDdNM2HMGR/rH9XPYfToABXznPLJPPJNNK8ssjFpJHYszsTySe596LiaWeeSeeR5pZWLySSMWZ2J5JPc+9R0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUy4lEEDSspYAcAdWOeB9TkfnT6rH9/egdY7Y5PoZCOn/AAEH9fagCS0iaKLDkGRjvkI7sev+H4CpaKKACiiigArV8N6/qPh+6eewdCsuBNFIuUkwTjPoeTz71lUUmk1qNNp3R7H4f8c6Lqu2G4f+z7psARTt8jn0V+h+ldJeWtvdx+VeQRzqOAJFyR9O4/CvnjgggjIPUHkGuu8M+O9R0m1FndQjUYFXEW+Qq6cdN38S/XmsJUbaxN41r6SPTDZ3Nopax1FkiQZMN3mSMD/e+8v15rnU+I+gx3wtL1Z4h5hQ3cSGS1B9d/UL74rg/EnivWdcRormZYrU/wDLtBlUPsT1Y/pWTPaT2aQPIXkimTMNwVwswxzj3ByCPaiNFfa3CVZ/ZWh9A2lxb3cQktZ4p0IzmNwwqUc8V5b8LILrULu5juI3ayhiAEwcxvFJkbVVl65Gcg56D1rZ+Ik95b+Dbw2OsLexSSpbESYLo+4ZUyJ06HIx3rN07Stc1U7x5rHc9DzwRRXj/hb4kX2mbbbxBbXVzaDgTKBI8Q+o+8vsea9V0jU9P1e0S60u9t7yFxlWhcMfpjqD7UpQcXqOM1JaFuig8HB4PvxRUFBRRRQAUUUUAebfGHUb5bm10pS0dlJD5z4PEzbiMH2XA49x6V5lquDaGJjgyukfPXlh/QGvf9f8O6VrstvJqUMkv2cMIwspQYbGc469BVEeHdE03UNLisNMt4na5aRnILuRHG3ds8ZYV0QqKMUuphOk5Sb6HjOckkc55pGIAIYqAQQQSBmvX7nwB4euNRkvGW6VZGLm2jk2RA+3ceuPetez8M+H7RAsGi2IGAMvGHY/i2cn3qvbx6Ij2Eu5T+HV7f3/AIVt5dQRw6ExxyN1mjGNr/zHvjPeuioAwAOgxgY4AHpipIIzIxz90dT/AErmer0OlaKzC33GUbSR6kU65iCgMCTk85NWFVVGFXApJF3oQevUfWnbQnm1KQ46EinpM6dDkeh5ppVl+8pH1pKnVFlpp/3O9cbumPQ0x7gFMKCG7n0qCindi5UGfWiiikMKKKKACiiigAooooA57V/B+h6r4x0jxXfQTSanpClbM+biNck8lf4upPbt6VjaJpPhz4e6h4ivoROi6i8V9K8r+Y8srFwUX/gWSB2z7V3XOeOTXjPxg12K98R6dbWK+dDaGWCeVTkFmAPHsu05Pufx0ppyduhnUair9f6RlfEWLwN43uU1LVvB87aoqbDcLfeUGA6Btud4A79e30zLaG3tdOh02ztYLWxh3eXbQoQgLY3Mc8sxwAWP04FOxzRXUopKxyyk27nLp8P/AAot/wDbBpmW3bhGZSYwf9309q6gAAAAADoABgD8O1FA54HP0qiQoqOe4ggGZpo4/YsMmohdPIM21rLID0aT92v155NAFmmTyxQrumlSMerHH/66hMN3LkS3QiU/wwLg/wDfRp8FrbwtvSIb/wC+xLMfxNADBcySY+zWzsp/5aSfIv19TR9mll/4+rhmX/nnGCif4mrJyTk8n1NFADYY44U2RRrGnoowD/jTqKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigApsqLLG0TjKuMMOhx/jTqKAIbSRyGhlOZYiAx/vejfj/Q1NVe7VkK3UYJeIEOB1dO4/D7w+h9TVhWDqHQhlYZBHQ+hoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAmsrm4sruK7tJ5ILiFw8UkbYZGHcf5/OvpP4Y+OrLx7pqaZqci2fiG2G9Xj+XzCP+Wsf/sy+56g18zVNZXVzY3cV3ZzyW9xC4eKWNsMjDuPf/PNAH2ppl/I0xsL9VjvY1zxwsy/30/qO35E6deWfDHxzZePdOTTtTkWz8Q2g8xGj+UyY/wCWsf8A7Mvv6Gu/0q/keVrDUFWK+jGeM7JV/vp/UdvyNAGpRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeXftPeCNa8f8Awmu9D0Hy5L1LiG5W1kk2JdiNsmIt2z29wOnWvUaKAPkPxTJ401+Xw1qvjXwjafDD4feCLqLUJgzq0ssseNkcIHPzEbQB6knJwK3PCXjz4tePJLzUvhP4K0Dwj4Wkne4Oo6zHtN45+9JtXHJxyRn616X+038PNU+Inw7j0zRGtjf2V9FfR21yxWC72ZzE57Agn/PNeda34R+PPxSSLw7rw0r4deEUjWO4ttMmEs06AAbBj+HHReB9aAPUP2dviJd/EnwC2rajZ29tqNney2F39mcvBLJHj54z3Ugg9+9elV80fE7Qbn4cR+H/AAp4el8X6L4LtdKuGtpvDcHnXM+q7wUFwQpJVhk9gSSDgDj2b4f6/djwz4Z0zxpe2Vr4vvNNSW5sjKqyvIFHmEJntnnHA59KAOxooooAKy9TvpzcDTdOCtdsMySEZS3X+83qfRe/0Bo1O9mNx/ZunbWvGXLuwylup/ib1Povf6ZNec/FXx9Z+B9PfQtBkWfXZwWlmchvIyP9ZJ6uey/ToABQAfFXx/aeCNPfQtCkE+uzAtLK5DmDI5kf1c9h9OwAr5wuJprmeSeeV5ZZGLySSMWZ2J5JPc+9FxNNczyT3Esks0jF5JJGLM7E8sT3PvUdABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAEd1KYYS6ruckLGv95j0H0/wNFtCIIVj3biOSx6sxPJ/HrUSfv7xpTzHASie7/xN+HT86s0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAA2dpI644xXu1jp2iXfhq3sIILe60sxARr95W4+9ns3JyeteE10fgTxBe6PqsVtCPOtbuZI5YCTjczAB19GGfx/Ks6kW1ddDWlJJ2a3PWtB0mx0SxWysI2SIOXJZtzMx7k9zwB+AryDxnpupaXqJgvIYILeV3ktktiRARuPOO7cjJPPNe3EYJHocV5p8aZUN3pMAOZFjlcjHABZQP/QTWNJvm16m1VLl9Dz4ZByDg+3FIoKSNLCzwykAGSFyjn8R1paK6jkO80bxwqSwQT3F7ZJ5YEsshFzEH9dvDBD9cjNdXp/iaO6cR21zpGpE9Ba3QikPP9yTGT7Zrxjp04oYBvvAN9Rk1k6MWbKtJHvT6zaQEC+ivLA+tzbsqn/gQyDVy2urW5ANrdQTjt5bgmvDNN1/XdNQJYaxfQIP4BKWT8mz612XgvxHYazcfYPEVtZNeu37i5EKxeZx9wlcYb0Pf8OcpUmkaxqps9HOV+8CPqMUdazhpKRcWl9qNoR2Wfeo/B88UGHWY/8AV6jaXA7C4tih/NCf5VlZGtzRrOl/eeJLcY4gspHPsXdV/wDZTSfadYj4k0mCf1NteLn8nxVC01T/AInmozXOnalAI44IObcvghWc8r/vA00haHQ0VmprmkNw18kZ9JUZCPzFWoL2ynx5F7ayZ6bZlOaVmMuRRFyCeF9atIqooVRgUsSfIAg3DHUEGnbWHVWH/ATTSsQ3cSo5nEaZxkngfWpOnt9ar3hARRkZJz1pvYS1ZC8jsAGYkCm0mfejNQaC0UmaM+9AC0UZHqKPwzQAUUu1j0Vj/wABNI2VB3YUf7RAoAKKrTX1hAD519aR49Zlqs+u6Spwt8sp9IUZyfyFOzDQ0qyvE+uWnh/TheXSySb5BHHHHjc7YPHPQAAkmpf7TZxm20rVLgeog2D82ryT4na3qOp+JGtVtIoobIeUFe5DYcgFz8mcnoPwNXThzPXYzqT5VpubXiT4iXF5Z/Z9ItprAuCJJpGVnA9Ex0PXmvOtSAW1WUKSIJEkwOcAMM/oTS+Xev8Aeuoox6RxZI/FqZcaelxBJFNPczF1YfNJgZIPYV1RioqyOWUnJ3ZZmlhhJ82aOPBxy4BqEXsT8QRz3B/6ZocfmeKbpsVsbOCaOCJWaMEnYCc49T9DVwkn7xJ+pzVElXdfSfdhggHrI5dh+A4pDaySA/aLueQf3UxGv045q1RQBHBbW8BzFDGhPcLlvzPNSHJOTyaKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAO4I4NVoP3E5tjxG+Wh9B/eT8M5H1PpVmo7mLzoioba4O6Nv7rDof8+poAkoqO2m86IMV2sCVdeu1h1H9fxHrUlABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAE9jd3NjeQ3lnPJb3EDh4pUbDIw7j/CvpT4ZeOrLx9pq6bqEgsvEVou9WTjfj/lrH/wCzL79wa+ZKnsbq5sbyG8s7iS3uIXDxSxthkYdx/hQB9p6VfyPK1hfqsV7EMnH3ZV/vp7eo7H8M6deXfDHxzZeP9MXT9RdbLxFaDeGj4L4H+tj/APZl/mMV3ulahI0xsL8JFfRruIH3ZVzw6e3qO35GgDUooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDwH4nfGfxLqXi+7+G3wc8PXGreJbd/KvtRuYSlrp3Yk7h8xHqfl9N9eO/BfwZJJ+07rXiHxh4vOtJ4MhW41fWLqQpD9tKkeWGboiHeBnGfLPAzivsvXoLuHR9UuNBtbU6vLbu0BfCCWYIRHvbHTIA5r5H+CP7NPjDXbSaf4q6leabotxfNfTaHDNiW9n6eZMy8KOuByeTjbnkA+jPhZ8W/CnxJ1XWrLwt/aFxBpLojXr2rJb3Gf+ebHrjHQ4PfGK6zUr+Vrkabpu1rtlDSORlbdD/G3qfRe/0zWdp9jpvh3T7fwt4R020sEiQbY4YtsVsn99gOpPOB1Y/ia4z4p+P7LwLp76HoTrc6/ON8sshDmHd/y1k/vMey/TsACAHxT8f2fgXTm0LQ5Rc69Ou+WWQh/JJHMkh7uey/ToMA/N9zPNdXMtzcyyTTzOXkkkYszsTyxPc+9FxNNc3ElxcSyTTyuXkkkYszsTyxPc571HQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVDdyOkQWI4lkOyP2Y9/w5P4VN7dTVa2/fztdZygzHD6EZ+ZvxIx9B70ATQRLDCkUf3VGBnqff696fRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFWtKvZdN1O11CFI5JLaUSKsgJUkZ4P51Voo3QbM9A/4Wdc/Ziv9iwef2b7Q2zp1Ixn8M1yGu61qWt3S3GozrIyDbGqKFRAT0A//XWdRUqEU9EVKcmrMKKKKokKKKKACg4IIIBB6g0UUAdX4T8balpEkdvevJfaeBt8tiDJEPVWPUD+6a9V0rUrDVLQXWn3UdxEepU8r7MOqn2NfP8AVnTL670y+jvbKZoZ0IIYdCPQj+Jfasp0k9VozaFVrR6o+g6ztDO8X9x/z2vpiD7LtjH/AKAaoeCfE1v4gsWkdFgurcj7TEDkAf3l9VOD9Onub/hpWXQLJnGGkj81s+rsX/8AZq5mmtDpTT1RokkjBJI9O1Mj03T7ly1xYWkuB/HAjc/lT6mtG+cg9xmktwexWOgaLklNMgjJ5JiLRn/x0ilGi2a/6qbUYvTy7+UD9Sa0qKu7MzNGlMoxHrGsL9boN/Nahn0u8Mq7dd1Mg8HcsTY/8drYoouGxhz6ZqMePL127IOetrExz+VR/YtTGc65Nz0zZxcfpXQUHn3pFc1kc8bPUjj/AInsw9cWkXNH2HUSMNr91+FtEP6VtSwBjlSAfTHFOSFBGVYZJ6mlrcd1Yw/7Puz97XdSP+6Il/8AZaP7LJGH1bV3/wC3oL/IVsm2XHDEH36VFLE8eM8g9xQ7hozKOi2Tf62W/l/66X0pH/oVA0HRsgnTbeQjvJuk/wDQia0qKV/Mqy7FeCwsYP8AUWVrF/1zgVf5CrALAcE4oopXAq6tK9vpV5PG+ySK3kdW44YKSD+lfPqlnUO7FmYbmJOSSeT/ADr3Xxjd2dn4Z1B78boZIWh2d3ZwQFH55/A+leEopVFUnJAAJ9TjrXTQ2Zz190LS5II9etJRW5zlbTxsSaH/AJ5TOo+hO4foRVmq0XyalOnaSJJB9QSp/wDZas0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBWm/cXAuBxG+Em9Af4X/ofqPSrNI6h0KuoZSMEHoR6VBaMULWsjEtGMqTyXTsf0wfp70AWKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAJ7C7urC9hvbGeS3uYH3xSxthkI7j+WP8a+lPhl46sfH+mpp2oSix8RWi+YrR4UuRx5sft/eT37g18yVNY3d1Y3sF7ZTyW9zA4kiljbDIw7j/Pr1zQB9qaVfySTPYXyrFfxDJA+7KnaRPb1HY/gTp15d8MvHVl4/0xdP1CRbHxFaDeGjwC+B/rY/b+8nv3BFd9pV/I8rWF8qxX0S5YLnbKv99D6e3UdPTIBp0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXj37Sfxu0b4TeH/Li8m+8SXaE2Nhu4A6ebLjogPbqxGB3IX9pT426P8JvD3lx+VfeJLxCbGx3ZAHTzZcdEH5sRgdyPhfRfDfjL4ra3qHjbX2v720a4zf35XJZuyIOwAwOBhBjpxRotw3Oy+B3xR+K8XivXvE0GrG7i1UMb83q7kebGEaJegdBjH8IAAIxgV1JuXvHe7lnlnlmcvLJKxZ3cn5i2eretQ2Fra2NlFaWUKRW8ahY0ToB9e5oliYOZ4MCXADAnAceh9D6GgCaimQyrKhZcgg4IIwVPofT/PWn0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUfp9aAIL1mIW3jOJJiVBH8K/xN+XH1IqZFVEVEAVVAAA6AY6VBZ5lZrw9JBtjB7IDwfqeT+VWKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAs2GsXOhvNf2pyfIkjkTOA6upG39QR7gV7J4U8SaPq8SWdjLIk8MIBhmTa+FAGR2Ycdq8J1Lm3WM/wDLWZE/8eB/pV2Cea3uEuLeaSGWNt8ckbYZT6j0NZzpqXqaQqOHofRFOibbIp6DPNc34E8Qpr2kKJpE/tCBQLlAMZ54cD+6f556V0VcjTTszrTTV0aFFVraTkqxz6Z/lVmq3Ias7BRRRQIKKMEgnBwOpxxQVK43KR6ZGKACigKxBIViPUA4ooAKOMHPTvRUdyf3R5xzxQPcp8ZOOmeKACTwCSewGTRWJ48GfBurESvERbFgysVIII4zUpXdjR6I3NkneNx/wE1ka34i0fRoy19fRLJ0EMZDyE/7o6fU4rw5ri45H2q4IPUGZyPp1qJVC52gD1wMVuqCvuc7r6aI6Dxr4mn8RXsbLG8FlAMQwlgTkjl2xxu7ew+vPP0UVukktDBtt3YUUUUxFe5+W9tJOgZniP4rkfqoqxVbU8rZtKOsLLIPwYf0zVo9fbt9KAEooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACobuNjtmhGZYiSo6bh3X8f5gVNRQA2KRJYllRsq4BB9R/jTqrr/AKPdeXjEU5JT0WTuPo3X6g+oqxQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUVHPKsSjILMxwij7zH0H+NAE9vqNxpV3Bf2dxLb3cUga3kiOHD+3v7dMZzxmuP+MXxZ+LMPxK0jxjPqi2o05dumpaKfsy5A8xXU/eZ8fNnqMYwAMdPBEwYzTFWlIxx0Qf3R/j3pmqWFnqlhLY30Cz28wwyn+Y9CPWgD6k/Z7+MehfFrwx9qtSllrVqqjUdOZ8tE399P70Z7Ht0Pv6lX5VkeKfhD43s/EXhy/lhMUhNrdAfK694pB0ORwV6H+X6B/s+fGLQvi34XF1alLPWrVVGo6cX+aJv7692jPY9uh5oA9RooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAryD9pL426N8JvDuxPKvvEd4h+wWG7gdvNk9EH5sRgdyF/aS+NujfCXw4VTyr7xHeIfsFhu4HbzZMdEH5sRgdyPjL4W+AvFnx28d3finxVqF02nGbdqGoP96Q9oYR0BxgYHCDHsCm0lqCTbHfCzwB4r+Ovjm98V+K7+6OmmfdqGoPw0rdoYewOMD0QY9gfsjStD07RNJttK0izisbO1j8uCGIfKo/qT1J6nJ9auaFpOm6Fo9rpGkWcVlYWsflwwxjCov9SepPJJJq4QGGCMiuecnI6Ie6eU/Enwe04OraTaKs6Am5hjTBlH98Duw5z6j6c+YjGBznuDX07PCCMdux7g15v448BC7eXUdIVYbtjukgJCxynuQf4W7+h9qdOpbRinDm1jueSTxNv86EhZQMHPCuPQ/wBD2/OnQSrKpwpVlOHQ9VPp/wDXqxPFLBM8E8TxSxna8cilWU+hHaq08O9hJG3lyqMK2OCO6kdx/niugwJaKjgmEmVZfLlX7yE5wOxHqPepKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAqve5lK2itjzcmQg4IjB5x9eB+J9Kndgil3YKqgksegGOtQWQZla5kUrJNzg9VT+Ffb1+pPpQBY6cYwPQcAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBWusteWadhI0h/BT/iKs1WJDaqB/wA87cn8WYf/ABJqzQBZ02+utNvYr2xmMVxEcqw5B9QfUHoRXtXhTxDZa/p4ngIjnjAE8DMC0Z9fdT2P8sGvDKsWF5c6feR3llO8E8Z+WRDgj29we4rOpTU15mlOo4PyPoTnPHBp4lkBB3k47GuU8EeLrbXoltrny7fU1BzEMhZQB95P6jt711FcrTi7HWmmi8jq6hl6fyqj4l1e20Hw/qGt3cc8lvYW7zyJCgZ2VR0Udz7U+KUx5wAQfWqviK+1GDQNQn0exjvNTjt3e0tpGwk0gHCE8YB59KLqxPK76HzFefG/Rbn46f8ACZNba/8A2Pp2kNb2toIgHE5U/M679oGWPPPQVtfs5/ESz0L4P+MNb1T7fc3+nzm+mac/u5jJhIY0bPdwcjjGe9eYx+K/G7+GPiF4uOgWTWHiW4FjqF8zkG2ctu8uJd2ehA6HgCuw8WL44tP2X59B8Q+GIdH0/TzYGzmifc9yrO7M0g3HHLL6dRXQ0krei3/ruYJtv72UdAk8S/Eawl8Qz/GCHTfFt3d40rRft5t49obpwcR9TtXqdvOc19YeD49di8L6bF4me3k1qOALeyQNuR5BkbhwOuAenc18ofFXQvAOjfs7eDpNETT38Q3jxTLcwOGuZSUYzbsHICsVXB6EDHevrDwi14fCukDUWLXwsYBck5z5nlruz75qZ7fMqN7+quatedeO/ix4e8PX8ulW1rca1qEDbZo7Z1SKBv7ryHPzeoUHHfFb/wAU9ZutA+HutatZNsuobcJA+M7HkdY1b/gO/P4CvlaKNYkEaZIHcnJJ7knuT1/E15eOxn1eK5dW/wALH3PBvC0M8qznXk404dt2359El5X7dz23Q/jRotzdCHW9KutFjdgBcGZbiFOeN5Cqyj32ketdB8T9SkHhqazttOurqK6jUtdxrmCJdysDkZ3Zxxjj36A/Op5HPOa9w/Z21Se78I3ulTMWXSrsQwEnJEToHVPoDuA9selZ4DHOtJqS1Wvr/wAE7uM+D6WT0o4jDSfJJ2aerTfVabPX+mef9eeo6jHSivUPFvgAX9417o0tvavJzJBIpCFv7ykfdz3GMV57rOkalo84h1K0ktyThWOCj/7rdD9K92M1Lrqfmcqco9NCjRR0oqyAooooAbLGJYmibo4KH8QR/Wo9PkMtjA7feMYB+oGD+oNTVWsPlNxCOBHMxA9mww/maALNFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAMniWaJomJAboR1BzwfqOtMtJWlQrIAJYzskA6Z9foeD+PtU1VroGGQXa/dACzAd0z976rn8iaALNFH0OfpRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFRTzFGEUa+ZKwyFzgAf3j6CgBZpREAApkkfIRB1P49h7/AM6SCEqxllYPMwwSBgAf3R6Clgi8vczsZJX+85GM+3sPb+dSUAFFFFAFbVLCz1Swlsb6BZ7aYYdD/MehHUGvIv8AiqfhD44s/Efhy/lhMTk2t0BlZF7xSDocjgg9eo9vZqrarYWmqWEtjfQLPbzDDKf5j0I7GgD6l/Z7+MWg/FrwuLu0KWetWqgajpzPlom/vr/ejY9D+B5r1GvyqU+KvhB44tPEPh2/lhaJyba5Aysq94pB0ORwR36iv0F/Z7+MWg/FvwsLu0KWes2qhdR05ny0Tf31/vRt2P4HmgD1CiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigA615F+0h8a9G+EvhzgxX3iK8Q/2fYFvw82TH3Ywf++iMDuQ79o/416J8JfDZ5ivvEV4h/s/T93Xt5smPuxg/ixGB3I+LPhl4G8W/Hjx9e+JvE1/dNYGbdqWouOWPGIYh0BxgADhBj2BTaSuwV2x3ww8C+LPjv48vPFHii/um08zh9R1Bxgue0MPbOMDA4QY9gftbQNI0zQdGtdH0eyisrC1Ty4YYxwo9T6k9SepyaTw9o2meH9FtdG0ayis7C0TZDDGOFHck92PUt3yav1zyk5PyNoxsgoooqSgIyORkVBcxoYiCMA9T6e9T0EDGDyKQ07M+ftc07Wtb8bXka6W8F1MxYQkBFEa4XzC38XbJ9xWPrOm3WkalLp96qrPFgna25SCMhge4Ir6QktlOf3YI5wR1Arzb4teFmnibXrJWMsMYFyg53oB976r6en0rWNR3s9ETKCautzyieFZQDuKOhyjr1U/1HtTYZiXEM6hZcEjH3XHqP8ADt71NTZo0mQpIuRnIIOCD6j0+tbmA6iq6SSROIrlshiAkuMBj6N6H9D7VYoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAoopssixRNI5wqAkkdcUAQXOZ50tR90ASTf7ueF/Ej8gas9ags43WMvKMTSHfIB2PZfoBgfn61PQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRR7DvxQBWthm+u39CkY/Bc/zarNVtOO6OaX/npPIw/wC+sf8AsoqzQAUUUUAOR2jdXjdkdDlWViCD6g9j716T4G8czXl1b6TrC755W8uG6UAb25wHHYnH3h7dM15pSqWR1dGZWUgqwOCCDwfY8A1MoqSsyozcXc+i6juYlnt5YGLKJY2QlTggEEZHoeaxfA2vHX9EFzMu25hfybjAwrOADuH1yD+db1cTTTaZ3J3SZ50fg54PPgWHwZu1IaXHfm/OLhRJLJjGGbbyMcdq7nVdM0/VdJuNJ1G0iubG4i8maFxlXXHT26A59h6VcoobbEklseY+GPgT8OvD+uxaxbadd3U8EnmW8d3c+ZFE3YhcDdjqN2e3pmvUI3KOG6nnPvTaKHJt6sFFLRIg8WaND4m8Kajok8hijvrdohIBkxvkFW9yrAH8K+UdUsdQ0fVZtH1i1a01GA4kiPRh/fQ/xIezD+eRX1zA5Rxk8Hg/41T8UaJouu20dprWk2WoxqSyC4hDlPcHqv1Fc2KwscTFXdmtmfS8NcTV8hrScY88J7xvb5p9Gvua3Pkl22uiKrySyHbHFGhZ5G7Kqjlj7V9F/B/wvceGPCXl6ggj1K+mN1dxgg+USoVY899qgZ9ya2dA8J+GdAmafRdB0+wmIwZYoR5mPTcckfnW1WWEwUcPre7fy0Ozifi6tnijS5FCEdbbtvXVu3Tol5hUdxBDcQNb3EMc0TjDRyKGU/gakortPjzy/wAd+CIdOs5dV0hpPs8fzTWxyxjXP3lPUgdwf6VwdfRbBXUq6hlYYIPIII5H614T4j0O70fU7q2a1uDbRSERTeUxRkPKndjHT+RrqpVG1ZnNVppO6RlUU0yRhCxdQowCSeAfTPY/lVqexvYLWO6ns7iKCVisckkZVXOM4GetbaGFmV6rr8mpyDPEsKsB7qxH8mFWKrXfy3VpL28wxn6Mp/qBQBZooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAo47jP1oooArWmYZDaN91RuhJ7pnp/wHp9CKs1FdRNIgaMgSxndGT03en0PQ/X2p0EqzxLIoIBzkHqDnkfUUAPooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooquZHuCUt2KxgkNMPX0X1+v+QAOllYyGG3CtIPvk8rGPf1P+z/KnwRLEpAyWY5ZjyzH1P8AhSxRpFGEjUKo5wOfx+tOoAKKKKACiiigAooooAq6tp9nquny2F/As1vKMMp4I9x6EV5Ej+Kvg/44s/EPh2+khaJyba4AykqfxRSL0ORwV79R2x7PVTV9Os9W0+Wwv4RNbyjBB4IPqPQigD6p/Z9+MWg/FrwsL2zKWmsWqgajpxbLQsf4l/vRk5wfwPNen1+VMUniv4QeObTX/D99JC8T5trlRlJk/iikXvnoV/EdjX6D/s/fGDQfiz4XF7ZMtpq9qoGo6czZaFj/ABL/AHozzhvwODQB6fRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFeS/tHfGrRPhL4aLN5d94hvEP9n6fu69vNkx92MH8WIwO5Dv2jPjRonwk8Nb38u91+7Rv7P0/dgsenmSY5EYP5kYHcj4o+HHgvxf8fPiDe+JPEuoXBsfODalqLD8RDCOmccAdFHPoCm0ldhZth8NfBHi/wCPPj+88SeJb+5NgZg+pak45J7QwjpnGAAOEHPoD9r+HNG0vw9olroui2UVlp9ogSGGMcAdyfVj1Ld6Tw3omleHNEtdF0Wyjs9PtE2QwoOnqSf4mPUsetaNc8pOT8jaMUkFFFFSUFFFFABRRRQAVTv4IrmGa2mjV45FKOpGQQeo+nJFXKKQ07Hm1/8ADPRfKuPs8t3Czj9yTIWSE9hj+IexPftxXl9/pt3Z6xNpRTz7qKYw7YQX3tgcL3PUH/8AVX0tIgcHjk/ka4LUfBpi8Y2+v6dfG0Im824jZC2/I+baexYEgj3yK0jUa3YnBStZanjYiaZXUQvKNpLgRlgFz1PoO1VAXtB1aW37HktGPT/aX9R/L6I0zStP025u7iwtxbveOrzBCQpYA8gdupNcb8VPDkT2ra/ZRqksXN2FGA68Df8A7y8ZPofaqjWTZMqLSvc8zUqyhlYMrAFSDkH396KrtC8LmS1AIY5eEnCt7j+636GpYJkmUshIKnDKRhlPoR2P+ea2MR9FFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABVaXE92sPWOEiST0Lfwr/AOzfl61LcyrBA0hXdgcAdWOeB9TkUlrE0UIWQhpWO6Qjux6n+n4CgCWiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACgsEBc9FBY/gP/AK1FV9TYpp1wR1MZUfjx/WgA0xSmnW6nqYwT9Tz/AFqxQFCgIOigAfgKWgBKKKKAClGMjNJRQB6R4Hk1HT/Ci3+jaSNUeVRHLGLvYyOrPkbMc/eB4OTkelZb/EbX1vQXs7BY4yVe3KMCSD0LZyCK3PhbqGk2Phq7EmpIskUhuroSJ5YhUgAcn7w+XGR3NedazPBdaxfXVqrLBNcvJGCuCFLEjjseaxjFOTTN5Saimj0/SviLoVyqrfC40+Qjnem+MH/eXt9RWsfF/hjzkhXW7RncgKELMCScAZA4PavD+lLk9icjngkGh0YsSrSW59FkEEg9ckH60Vx/w68UjV7UafqFxu1SPcQWGDOg/iHqw7j2z3NdgPbnPTHeuaUWmdMZJoKCzMck5PSvIfiH8WLm11O40fwpFbO9s5juNQuE8xA4OGSJOjEHILNxkEAHrXKaZ8VPG9ndLNc3djqsOcvBPapFkeivGAVP1B+lcs8ZRpy5JSt+nrY+mwfCObYzDfWaVJuL21Sb9F27bH0TRWJ4K8S6f4r0KPVdPEkYLGOaCXHmQSDGUbHfkYPQgg/Tbrp0auj5ycJQk4yTTTaaas01umns11QUUVn67rGnaHYNe6lcCCFeBgFmc+iqOW9cCjVuyJ21ZoUAnkBiPUA15drXxJvpi0ekWcVpHnAmmxJIffb91f1rW+GOt61rN9qB1O7eeGGOPYPKVVDknjgcHAz/APqrR05JXZmqkW7I0/iNol5rHh42+nKjSLOs0luAqi4wMYPbIzkZ9O1cDrSeJrzThpmqQyyS6QDKY3AMxhZQN/H+sVSMEjJGR6Ej2auX+JGn3V/pFo2nxSNew3sflyR5DxKxKs3HIXkZ+ntTpztownBNNnlOhaTfa3eG002OOWURmQ7pVUYHv3PPQVH4u0DWNF04zajYtCm4NHIHV1ZkIbAIPoD+tOvLa30+dhbak8t1BOykpbtH84Y5dXycjjrwT6CotQu7zUnD6hd3F24Qxh5nLkKc8c9Bya6dW7rY5dErPchz3HI6j6UlV9NZmsIN/LKgVv8AeUlT/KrFUSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFVm/0e6D9IpzhvRZOx+jdPqB61ZpsqJLE0ci7kcEEeo/xoAdRUNpIzBoZjmWIgMf7w7N+P8wamoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACkdljRndgiqMkk4Apk8yQgbgWdshEUZZvYVHHC7us10VLKcpGDlUPr/tN7/l7gCbXuh+8DR2/908NIPf0X26+uKsgAABQAAAAAMAe1FFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAVNX02z1bT5bC/hE0EgwQeCD/eHoR1z/8AXryO3l8V/B/x3Z+IPD97JE8bk21wBlJ0/iikXoQR1U+xHYj2eqmsabZ6tp0thfwiWCUYIPUejD0IoA+q/wBn74waB8WfCovrFltNWtgq6jpzPl4GP8Q/vRkg4b8DzXptflVa3Hiz4O+OrTX9AvnieNibe4AJjnTPzRSL3BHVfoR2NfoT8APi/oHxa8KLqFgy2mq24C6jpzNl4HP8Q/vI2DhvwOCMUAemUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAda8p/aK+M2ifCTwx50pjvdeu1Yafp+/lz/z0f+7GD36k8Dvj0PVL+RJVsLBVlvpBuAb7kS/33x0HoOp/Mjwj9on4KeFPiDqmmS/bbm28QW7oNRv4wHMtv/dcdN+PuY6Dr8oFJtJXDdny18PPBvjD4+/EG98SeJNQuTYmYNqWosvAHaGEdM46AcKME9s/avhnQ9J8N6Ha6JodjHZafaJshhToPVif4mPUsetReHdD0rwzoVnoWh2aWen2abYYl5I9WJ/iY9S3fNaiOCMHrWU7tX6CjUSly9R9FFFZHSFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABUTQgk8jB5wRmpaKA2KctumSSuM9xVW6tFeF45FEkLqUkUjqpGCD+ZFarfdPGeDxWGk2qG+vYru0t4rJXAtJI5SzyjHJcY+U+wqWkaRk2zwHVLKSy1m+04ROfsszoNpMhCAnBOBxxjJ+vvVCeESMJUYxyqMCQDJI9D6j2r6RIwGOMZGCcDn29xXiXxBs7bT/F17bWkKQwYjkEaKAqllBIA7D2966KdTmdjGpT5VdM5qKY7xDOojlOcAHKv7r/AIdampssccsZjkUMpwSD/P2qDdLbf6wtNCP+WmMug/2v7w9/51qYlmikVlZAyMGVhkMCCCPX3paACiiigAoo60heMHBkQH03DJoAWiuv8HeCJde0w6hPetZwMxEO2MOZADy3PQZ4H0PtWxL8MFx+51184/5aWy4zjjoazdSKdjRU5NXPOKK1Ne0DVtFnMd/aOE5KzRgvG49dw6euDWWvzDKkN7jkVaaa0IaadrBRRUV3MYYSyKGkYhYwe7HoP8+hpiI+Z73kZjtzn6yEf+yg/mfarNR20QhgWMEsQMlj1Yk8n6nJqSgAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAqrqWDDGjdHmQHvwDuP8AKrVVrr5720j5wN7nHbC4z/49QB3+m/DjVbmGOe61KzgWVBIFRGd1yMhewPUfrWBr+kRaLGLK7uIJtVEwZ0hyyQxbTg7u5YkHHYAeteseBteXXNFjuG2rdwER3CDoGAGG9g3X8x2rynxlo0uh6/cW5VjBK7TQSH+NWOfxIJKn6D1rGEpOTUjecYqN0jGooorYwCiiigCxZXklobgxrGxngeAlxkBWK5IHQn5RjPTg9hULu0jbjHGhxgiNcAn+8fQnqRTaKLK47u1gooooEOR3jdZEdkdSGVlYqwPqD2+td9Z/EV/+Eeure8RotRisZzDd71CPKsTFCR/CSQOemcetef1peHdFvNd1FbOzQEdZpGAKxJnG4+v071M4xau+hcJSTsup5xZhRaQhTxsHJOc1LWv8QfCs/gLVbawmu0vbK7R5rZ4kIeJFYAq684AyMEZz+Fc0NTt5FP2UPcSdkRT+pPAr4mvhqkKji9fM/qTJ8/wOMwVOrCSjdW5XvdaWS3e1la9+h65+zhLOviLX7dd32drOCV/QSCRlX6EqSPwHpXt1fI3hPVtV8L6sniC0nIu1IM8SsfLmiHWFh0IxnB7NzXtPiT4irf2jReHzPDFKI3ivMgM6EEsNpHHUAH2J44r3svkqlLki7uOj/rt29D8V44wVXC5lLEVI8sa3vRXokrNdHe115rVu50/iXxbZWdxJpdjf2keo5KmW5DG3tyB/GR1bHAX1POMV5Nql7eX9/JcX9213OGKmQvuXg9F7BfTFVf8APrRXrwpqOx8NOo5bhXUeAvEtr4de+a6tbmc3CoE8llABUngg/Xr9fWuXoqpRTVmRGTTuj0Gf4n3PmH7PokAj7ebcsW/HAxTP+FnXpSRTo9urFGCNHcsCrY4PI59a4Gio9lEv2sgG7A3NubqT6n1/nRRRWhmVrL5JbqHpsm3j6MAf55qzVcfJqZ4wJoc/irf4MKsUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAFe7VkK3UaktECGAHLp3H6ZH096nRg6hlIZSMgjoR60vQ59KrQf6PcG3/5ZyZaH0B/iX9cj6n0oAs0UUUAFFFFABRRSSOscZd2VVUZJJwB9aAFqCSdjIYbcB5AcMT9xPr6n2/lTf310MAvBAe4ysjj/ANlH6/Sp40SJAkahVXoAMAUANghWIlyxklYANI2Mn29h7VJRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAU9Z0yy1fTpbC/hEsEo5HQg9mB7EV5JaXPi34OeOrXX9AvnieNiYJwP3dxH/FFIvcHoV+hGOCPZ6qazpllq+nS2F/CJYJByO4P94HsR60AfV3wC+LmgfFjwouo6cy2up24VdQ09my9u5HUf3kODhvwOCK9Kr5a/Y48DeD9E0/VBa3U48Y78m7kABFvu+QRL3ToHB6n2219KaVfvOz2l3GIL6EZkjB+Vl7Oh7qf06GgDRooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKzdTv5I51sLFVlvZVyAfuRL/AH39B6DqT+JBql9LHMljYost7KNwVs7Ylzje+O2eg6k/QkYWqagmiq+m6dJ9o1afD3NzIAdhP8bf7XGFT0HoKTaSBJt2F1O/XR0k07TpPP1ObElzcyDcUz/G3qcfdT2HYVhxIsakAsxJ3MzHLOT1YnuT/nHFJBEsSFQWZiSzu5yzserE9yfX/AU52CjNYSk5uyNdIK7IZjg59BTYmy4B4OaY7Ek0gJBB9K640/ds9zyJVr1ObpcujpRTI3BUetPHNcTTTsz14TUkmmFFFFIsKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACql2pVScZwQwz0PNW6RlDDBpPUadmfODHWvDmuee6T2V6sjMA+Srgk5Ho6nP+e1rxjqWn63JDrEDPBfSgQ3Vo4JAKjh0boV6g556e9e4a1o9jqNo1ve2kVzC3OyRQQD6j0PuK4TxX8O7GLQpZtFtplvIf3gUzM5lXunPfGcf1zWqqJvVWZLg7OzujyujpV/+xtX+xfbf7Kv/s/H7z7O2Prjr7ZxVe+s7uxuDb3trNbSgBtkiFTgjg+4x9f51tdPqY2a6FBrdoyZLUqjEktGeEc+v+yfcfrVjTlmv7kWttazyXWCTAqFnwByQB1HuK2PC/hzUPEVxJHZtFFFEVE00j8JkHA2jljxXrcHhbQbWXzbfS47WcRqiyx7kkQDuD1Ddye/eonUUdOppCm5a9Dzay8AeJbmISPBa2oJHyzz4Ye+FB/LNWLj4c6/GU8qbT7gMcEiRkCD1+Ycj6V6dE91Zj/TyZ7UHAuo0yyD/poo6f768eoFa0KQtGskZWRXGVYMGDD1B7j3rH2stzX2cFoeZeGfh21vfLc67La3MKLlbaPcVL5/iJxlR6d+PSu8tdIsohi302zhBOflt0UZx16VrRwAHcsYHvUnlP3x+dTJuT1Y1yxWiKUFlFBCkUYWNIwFVEUBVA7D0+lS+RH/AHT+dWhEB945+lBiH8J596Vg5ilNDhcx5weCM9a5/UfC3h6/nE13o9s0oOSVUoW+u3Ga6g5BIPBFV7xR8rd+n1parYpO+j1PD/iDoEGg6zFDZtIba5iMsaudxTDYK57jkEH374rkYys960m5SsOUjG4ZL/xN/wCy/nXuHjLRdEvSl1e2sT30oW3hkklKqvJO4jIG1QS35etcL4z1PQ47JPDvhyygitbaQCWeNFAlKjoD1POSW7nNdFOo2kt2YVKaTbvZHJ0UUVsYhRRSMyrjLIu4hQWYAZJA/LmgBaK7e7+Gusxgm1vtPuRjoS0ZPT6j8f8AGsDU/DHiDTVaS70q4EajJkiHmIB65XoKlTi+pbpyW5j0UDGBznuDRVEBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUVFch/ldXdQudwU9vX3+n1qJ3uDG4gIkG04kJC44/X60AWqKArjCurK4UEqRgjIH+Oc0UAFVgQdTZicCK25PpuYnP5KKuQRSzzrbwRvLMxwscalmJ+nb616D4E8B28WoXt9rZW4nhmSNbdTmJGVFPP98gsRjpkHrUymorUqMHJ2Oh+HGiDR9ASaQf6XehZps/wjHyp+AP5k+1ZXxD8La5reqx3li9tLBHCsaQvKUZTkljyMHPH5V38CCR8HoOTUksB3ZjGR6Z6VyKTT5ludbjFrlex4fB4H8USXIgOmeUMZMkkyCMc+oJyfbFat58NdWitFktr+0uZ8ZaEqYx9FY5z+OPwr1VlKnDKQaSqdaRKoxsfPmo2F7ptybW/tZbWYDOyQYJGeo9Rx1qtXqHxks430mxv8qJYbgw8/xK4PHvgqD+deX10QlzK5zzjyuwUUUVZAo25BcuFHJ2AFunv1/wA9KfdRSWrqtwoj3KHQn7rqRwynuP8A6/ocR16l8HoYX0K7maJGk+1GMu4DHaFBCj0AyTj3NROXKrlwipOx5rpdm1/q9pY+eIBdSCJS8ZI3Hoe2R0zj/wDX6v8ADrw3e+HxqBvxbtLO6CN4nLAooPqBjk5x7V1bxo5QvGjFDlCVBKn1HoadXPOq5K3Q6YUlF+Z49+0hpc+NH8QqCba3D2dy3aPewaNj7Egrn1I9a8jxjmvre8tre9tJbO8giuLedDHLFKgZHU9VIPUe1eZar8FNEmuTJpWt6npkBORblEuEQeilvmA+pNeRjcA68ueDs+x+lcI8a0sowzwmKi3FNuLj57pq/wB3rseI3ImePyLaF57mb93DFGpZpHPQADr/APWNddp0AtbC3tFYN5MSR5B6lQB/TpXsvgf4e6B4Tn+2WwnvdS2lPtt2QXRT1CAAKmehwMkcE1uajoWj3xlkudKsZZ5FIMj26sxODg+/6V15fQWEi03dvf5dDwOMeIf7fxEJU48sIJpJ2u77t/kl03vqeDEEdQR9RikrY8WSaOb+OHR9OlsxChS58xDGXlyM/Jk7AMdPf2FY9esndXPiWrMKKKKYgooooAKKlt4Li5dktreadlXeRGhYhR347VvT+ENSh8KDX3ZVAUySWzoVdIsjD/XnO30I96Tklo2Uotq9jk7z5Z7SUHAWbYfoykfzAqzVfU1JsJiBlkG8fVSG/mKsBgwDryGAI/Ef/XpkhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVHcxedCUDbWBDIw6qw6H/63uakooAjtpfNiDMu1wdsi9drDqP6/iKkqtP/AKPcC5HEb4Wb2/uv+uD7EelWaACikd1RC7sqqBkkkAAetVw81z/qd0MX/PQjDt/ujsPc/lQBJPOI38tVMk2MiMEZA9T/AHR7/wA6aluWdZblhJIvKgA7EPsO59z+lSQQxwoUjXAzknJJJ9Se/wBafQAUHocde1FKMlgqjJYgAZA/n0oAt6Fo91qSTx2UsEtyhLpZgsJXUAZKZ4buduc9apkgPsIIbnggg8Hkex/+vRDLIkxaPzYpInwrDKMGHp3GOn512OgavousG80/xPbW8N5ewiNNYCHeJAw2Fx90NznfxnGG61LbWu6K0fqcdTVkVpGjHDIASD6Hv+h/Kun8U+DNU0O5kjWaz1BVUSBbeUCcxk/f8k/Njg8jPQ+lYen/AGKeG5hmuoraclDbtKhCswJypcD5QQeD0yKfMmtA5XezK1FaqeFvE008EVtponS5JWGaKVZY84OQzL8q9Oh9vWsiZvs8himEgfcQQV3Ec+3bjFF0+orNdB1FA5AOCPY9aKYgooooAKKKKACimFz56x7DhlJ3dgQRx+tPoAKKKKACiiigC1pWoXuk6jBqOnXMltdwPvjkQ4IPp7jHBHevpr4c+NLD4g6Ukcki6f4isl3sqdQf76Z+8h7r+B7GvlurWlahe6VqMGo6ddSW13A26KVDgqe/1HYjvQB9o6TqDXDPaXaCC+hGZIxyrL2dD3U/p0NaVea/DnxpYfELSkSR10/xFYjcwTqD03pn7yHuv4Hsa7nS75p2e1u4xBfRAGWMElSM8Op7qf06HpQBo0UUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABWbql9JHMtjYqst9IMgH7sS/89H9uMAdSfxIXU76SOVbKyVZb2Vcqp+7Gv99/Rf5ngdyOd17Vk0KJ9O02QXGrTgPcXEgDeXkY3uPXj5U9uwFJtJDSbdkLruqpocb6dpsguNWuMPPcSANsJH329+PlTpwOgFYNlF5aEks7Mdzu5yzserE9yf8APQVRs4j5pYs8jFi8ju25nY/xE9z/AJ4wK1RwAPauaU3N+RvyqC8xHcKMk1Wd2Yk0s7bm68VWZyeBwP1ruoUdL9TxsXibystkSMwHU8+lCkMMioKVG2nIrqdNW03OBVHfXYsIxU1aibcKpjBAI71LExAB9K461O6v1PQw1ZwlrsWqKarZ6HNL9a47NM9XnTWgtFAopFrVXCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigApGQMOmPcUtFAFaW3BO7bk+o4NcL8VvDt9qem2k2nWzXM9rK2VDAN5bLyBnryAcV6HSOgccj8aFo7jvdWex83ta6/oiC8a21HTlmDQ+aVKbgRyntnr+HHSu0+FGv3U8n9gXHlskUTyxSu7GVvmHy8/eAyTn0A64NemanpFpqFpJbXMEU8Mg+aN1yp/wPvXP6H4P0vQb6a8sYJhLIuweZIXCL6L6Dgc81UpppprUIxs1yvQ6iCMDaq5GOSe9V305reRp9JkS2djueBgTBKfUgfcb/aX8Qat2mSuWHOBmpqhBLcpWeoJNOLW4ie0u8EiGQgl/dGHDj3HPqKu1FeW1veQGC6hSWMkHDDofUdwfcVS26jp/K+ZqVqP4SR9pjHsekn0OG9zTEaVFQWV3b3kRltpVkVTtcDIZD6MDyp9jip6AIJf9YfwqleuFJ3MqqgySSAB7+wq/OMMD61zni+KO6tG0yYRmO+UrKZMbEhUAyOfQAY/EipeuhpHueP+OfELeIddne2uvN0mH9zaBMhJMEb5CP4ssDj2A9awq1vFGp6Zqeog6Tp1pY2kCGOLyVCtIgxtZgOAeMD60mkeHtb1YBrHTZ5Iz0lceXH9dzdfwzXXG0Yq+hzSvKWmplUdjngDk13en/DTUnc/2hqNrboD0hUyMRjrzgA9B+fSuj0LwBo+mzrc3Mkuoyo26MTKFjX32Dhj359ql1YrZ3KVGT6WPIeMZzx69q9S+Fnh6Szs59T1G1RZLoL5CyIC6RgH5ufuliQcew6UfEPwkLu1t5tB0i3F15+JvJCxsyEHnsODznryK6zRFv4dFtV1ieOS9SL/AEiQHCkjuT34xk+ufWs6lS8VbqaU6fLJ3F1vU7TR9Ml1C9ZhFHgYUZZmJwFA7k5/ziuEPxNzOA2hj7Ochx9qy5Hp0x9RWb8UteXUtUXS7Zla1sjkuDkSSFeT7hQcD6n2rjadOkmrvqKpVadolrVV09b0/wBlTSvaONyLKhV4sk/u29SPUdRiqtFFbrRWOd6u4UUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFOiMayIZYzJErKZEHBZMjK+3GabRQB7fqln4U1Gwgvr+302S1lCJDO+FJBwEUMOc9Bj29jWO3w40c6mZxc3S2gwfsgbPPcbz823269ea8rmuJ2tI7aS4k8iIsYkLnbGzEZIHY5wf8A9Zr3jwxfvqfh2wv5FKyTQKZAQQQ44P6gn8a5pRlBaM6oyjUexPpem6fp0Yh0+yt7VGIBESBSR7nqfrVfw8TJYSXB5NxdTS/gZCB+gFX7iUQ28s5OBFGzn8AT/SqugQmHRbCDHzC3jyOvJGT/ADNY7o16mtbRlQWP8Q4FT01F2oFznAxmnVRD1YUmBjBApaKBHK+PfC669pYWKQpcwFntyThdxH3W9jjr2498+MXOm6jbTyw3Gn3cckILSAwsdig/ez0K/wC10r6RqN4kb1GfQ4FXGbirImUFJ67nzOCCAQQQehHINFerfEjwZatp0+q6XaLDdQgySpCuFmTv8o6MOvvg+ox5UASARyMZBHQiuiMlJGEouLsWbCxlvFuJBLFBBboHmmlbCoCSAMDliSMBRXrPw0g0mDw8Tpd0bp3kBu5GQqwk2j5dp+6ADgdf1ryFJ2SFrYnMUskbyIFG59hOAP8Avo8e4r3nQotOi0q3/sq3W3s3TfGgQqQD3IPOfXPNZVm0rG1FK9y9RRRXMdAUUUUARtEWuEm82UBFZfLDAI2SOSO5GOD7nrmpKKxvF/iXSfCukHUtWmZYy3lwxRjdJO5BIRFzyeD6AAEmjZXZUYynLljdtuyS1bb2SXVvojlfi7o1stpHrsEOyfzljuWBwHUghWI9cgDPuOvGPN8Y7Vsaj8ZdWumkjj8K6SbJ+DDd3EkjuPQ7cKPy/OtrwVdeBPHEslmdHk0XWEQyNbR3BAde7xHo4GRkEAjI4I5p0MbSm+RO7X9fP5HoZjw1meCpKvXouMX1drfOzdvn103OMpVBYlVVmPGQqliPy6V6r/wrXRhcrIL3UDECC0RdTuGOm7GR9a63TLCz0y1Ftp1rFaxDnbGuM+59T7mumVZJaK54iot7s8DltbqEp9pt57VHcJ5k0Dooz3yRz+HNEdpcyXcVpHEWnmZFjQc7y5G0j1BznNfQN1DHdW0lvcRrLDKpR0YZBBHQ1mxeHtKh1GwvorYRy2EH2eAA8BMYGfUjJwfc+1T7cfsOzDwnoFn4fsRbW53TOVNxcEYaRv6AZOB/ia858a+Jtf1G3msrmwNhYNcMhIicGUq33SzcEcA478dcV65VTWbGPVNKutOnI2TxsmSobYccMPocH8KzjNJ3auayjeNlofP2A3ytyDwfpVfTCTYRKxyyAxn/AICSP6CtHU7G602+lsb2IxzwnDDsfRh6qeoNZtphbm7h9JBIB7MoP8wa7N9UcW2jLNFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRTghNvPONpWBQ7KGy5UnG5V/iAOAcdMigNxrKGUqwDBhgg9D7VQiuXjdtPQNPcR4CfMACpOAWPYjofoPWpitxOMzbrWI8bAQJG9if4foPzrtfBPgfULi6t9Tk03yoLM+dBBIu03LZHybeoU4zk9wvXmplJJXZUY30Rx93p09nezxapMouoZxGkUkRQDg5OPXgHPoeKkGccnJ7mvRviLoeq69qtnfaPpLT27WoJugyqZGJOFbJGCoGOncjtxiW/w+8TyBd1vZwDgYkuQSPf5Qc/SpjUVrt6lSpu7sro5SivQbb4U6zLCWk1Owikzwojdlx654Oaq6p8MtftIGkt5rS9ZescYZGI9Ru4J9uKftIi9nI4jIDpvMmzOG8tAzY9Rn8P1q9bSaQYIor2xvywbM00N0vK56BCpAx9akutB120hM1zo2oRR5ClmgJAJ+maltPDPiO6BaDQtQK5xlotg+nz45ptp/8OJJrp+Bu2sfhHxGqafBHc6VqWBHbXErBjd4XCh+244HHX0Jqno3hP8A0+Wz8R31vpUskUYtlF1G7mRj90x9+4zx25rY0C3HhLwve63qmhZ1KG7WKIXB2sVYDBVuRgYJJHoeelcLrGoXWs3lzqNx5JubghmCnKDgAKP9nAArON22ovT+tjSVkrvf+tzt7268HSaZY+HtYnv9ZurRmgj1CyQxNApbCoDnMiqT059vfm/Fnh3UvDl6bS5lYxzIwiuYcos6cbl9uwZf8c1g2xJCi8CSKCMrC/JwfU9O1dv4U123nK+G/GIE+mFWkSa7ZlmtDjhg5+YKcbf8mqs4+aJ0fkyt4H8Tx6Hr0Vz9k+z28uY7uO0fZHLn7rGN8qu0nOQRxn6V3HivwB4e1DRZNU8Psto0cLzRmyUSx3IyWxjvnBAKnv7Vw3xR8OW3h7VrVbAMNPntN6s7hy7qcMSePUH3z24r0TVtY8RaV4K0iTRdESa4kiCzLHCzrbfICMIvbnHoMVMt049RrVNPoeSaVoN/d6ZJqDSWtrbpIEMt5N5Clz1Vcjnb3/rzh8vh/WRftaW+nXV6SzCKS2iLpMoP3lYZXB69f8KZrmvazrTgareXEhifIiki8sIcdQuBzzjNULOwunnmnsWlMccJluycxpCuQN2c85OBgdfQVpr3JsmMJZbh4ZIpI2XAw6lSTk5HPXGMH3+lKCOcEHBIODnB9P8A61dfr2vaTqXw8s9Hk0+eS6t5hD5juN4CoWD+4bJBXPbqcCuf0TTbO70vUArC3vLSP7RGC+Y5YVHzp/v8hs+goUtLvQTjrZMzw2QCoznoCQvb36dP85pTgKrHKhvukqQG+mev0qY2sb6aL3c7ulwqFAnyxgqcMx9WwcAehyQcVHDdvAJoIpSqyIRJGT8rqR154zxw3UUxaEboHAIYgggggnH09xTUdg4jkUBjkgg5BwP0P+NT6pCthMVik3W5hWdJZcByrKGUsBxnBOfp78S6QLBtTtJ78M8KyIRGD80oZ1BUDvwScegNF1a4W1sV+M479cd8UVd8QwLa+IdRtzDbQNHdSR+XAMIAGPC+3Tj3PTtSprVXE9HYKKKULIQXETmJSFMgHyhjnC/jgn8DQAlFFAIJYA8qdpHcEHp7GgC1pWoXulajBqOnXMlrd277opUPKn6dwRwR3r6a+HPjSw+IOlKjumn+IrJd7KvOD08xP70bdCv4ehr5bq1peoXulajBqWnXT2t3buGimQ8qfT3B6Ed80AfaWl6g1xI9pdIIL2EfvI85DDoHU91P6dDWjXm3w58a6f8AEDSlRnXT/EVku5lXqPV0/vRt3Xt0PQGu40u/ed3tbqMQXsI/eRg5DDs6nup/+saANGiiigAooooAKKKKACs7U76SKRbKyRZb6QZVW+7Gufvv6L7dSeB3IvtuKkKQDjgkVwOoeI5dGMmjRQbtfkHmXNy67owvQS5/iz0WMdMc4UZKbSQ0m3oXde1aPQopNO06X7Tq8+HuJ5AG8vP8bj/0FPbsBXHohyxLPJI7bndzuZ2PVie5/wA9gKdBESzYZ5Hc7pJJGyzserMe5/8ArdMCr1rbheScnua5Jyc35HVGKgvMdZQlFyevU/WppWwhp/QYA4FV5z+nFaUo3kjmxNXljfqytMePqaiqSbHA71HXsU1aJ83Ud5BRRRVkE0f3RT0OD7Gooj1X8qkrmnHVnVTlorEoJB461Kj5471AhzxUsQ+Yn0FcdSKSZ30ZttW2ZKDg0tJQPSudnoxfQWiiikWFFFFABRRRQAUUmaM0WJ5kLRSZoyKLBzJi0UcdqKCgoOD1GaKKAAADoMUUUUAFFFFAFS90+G5mFwpkt7tRhbmE7XA9D2Yf7LZFVze3dgCNViDwD/l7tkJUD1dOSn1GV+ladKCQQQcEdxRcLEQeKeBZY5Y3jcbkkDgqR6571iWtlBq8FzeX1qk9veAJFFMm5RApypI9WOX/AO+fSm65pqz3KWGmTNYzXYMl35a5jaEHnenQliQoIweW54q8dV+x4j1e3Wz7LNGS1s3tu6x/RvzNAJ9Cje+H9Mu0iW506ylEDBow0QG0j/PSrvkSsMnAPQZPNWyRjdkAEZBzwR6+4rO1nVrTS7Ca+uZPLghALvtLdwMAd+oGPeoaua3ZZFsMcuc+wqGRNjbQwb3FcOPihpj3RSWx1CODoJAEJ+uzORSXvxI0eK6jjtLW6uoSR5kwUJhf9lTyx9uKr2cuiEpx3bO379Mk9AK4n4u/aRoMZTUY4IDIEltT965JIwPovJI/wFUvG3jLR9Q8Oz2ml6ndx3T7SAkDoGAIyjHsCCfy9682PJySSfUkk1dOm732IqVFay1v5gBgAAAD0FFFFdJzBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAAenPSva/hwJx4L04XIkDhXx5md23e23r0GMfpXibgsjAHBIIB9DjrXu3hDUrLVNAtZ7FRHHHGsTQ5BMLAY2nHQ8ZHsRWFfZG9C1yXxMzL4fvVT70kflL9XIT/wBmratEVSwUcKdo9gP/ANVY2ufP/Z9v2lv4QR6quZD+HyCty2QpEN3U8msFsjeXUlooopkBRRRQAUUUUAB5HPSuX1TwV4evJZ5pNJh8ybJaWMlHB/vDHQ+9dRRRquoaHJ+FvC9h4dWU2xlnmlPM0wXcFHRRgcD+f4DG4ck8nJ9TVq7/ANT+NZ95cwWdpLd3UqQwQqWkkY4Cr3NKV29dS42S00RNRSRsskSyxkPGwyrqcqfcHuKp3eq6ZaXMdtdajaQTSHakckqhic4xjsecYNTZlF2ik+vFLQAV8+fHm+nu/iN9hkY+Rp9hF5K9g0uXdvqcKP8AgP1r6Dryj46+Db3UZIPE+jWr3Vxbw+Re28YzJJECSroB1ZcnI6kHjpXPi4SqUZRjvb9f8j6LhTGYfB5tRrYl2gr3fZtaN+Xn036HjVS2F/caTqljq9oxW5srmOVCOp+YAr7gqSpHuaqfaYMEmZBg4YMwUqfQg8g+1dt8KPB134n1y01G4t3TQrOVZ5ZpFIW6ZSCscf8AeGcFmHGBjqa8DCUajrLlT0Z+38S5rgKOV1XVmmpxaSTTbbVla3y9Nz6NcAOwHABIH0zxSUEkkknJJJJ9TRX05/NwUUUUAByDggg+9Ge3evNfEeuzeENTTSdDmedQGnuheu05LyHIAJI28fNx6j3rnr/xp4mvAynUzbo3BW2RYxj0z979a1VJvVbGTqxTt1LHxP1GPUPFciQhSllGLbeP4mBJb64Jx+BrjT8mqKe0sJU/VWB/kx/KrNVr75XtZj0SYA+wYFf6g11RVlY5ZO7uWaKOfxopiCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACilALEKqliSAABkkk9Przip9Ss7jT7+exulRZ4CFkCOGCtgZXPqM4I9c9aA1tcr0UVNbxoUmklDhUhcoQSoLkhF+oBOSPY+tGwbkNBIGRjJABwCM9QM+45FamlaBqmpS2SW9sfLvGIjmAJjTBO4Mf4SuDkfTHWuq8T/AA8S00wXelTiWa3hke4MykvMByoXYDjGCMY71DnFNXLVOTV0jgaK6Q+DNTh0+W+u5WtkW0S4UTIAvJO+M7cnzFABAA5BPQjjE+xXTRyTW9vc3NqjlPtMVs+zjGScj5cdCD+meGpJ9ROLXQrUV1Fv4L1K88OWWraa63b3AJktsBCgycEE/e6YI9xiq9j4N8SXQdjpptUQZaS7kWJR/Pj3o549x8kjn6nsrS5vJTHbRGQrgucgKg9WY8L+Nb/hzwTr2sX/AJYtRBZoSHu3cGN/aMjl/qOK9g8P+FNN0qGFSgneHmPcgCIfVV6A/wC0cn3qZVEtFqOMG9WeZaJ8M9W1NY5J71bO3bBMghJZh6IH6/7xAHsa7nT/AIeaDYaXc2EVvLMt2QbmaWZjNIARhd45C8Z2jiuzLY5J/E0Ag8g5BrKUpPqXGyelrnP6L4P8P6ZcC6tdJt45wMCQqWYe4znFboijDhwoDeo70+gYPQ5qd9WO/Qyygs9TMJAFrfOWjPZJ+rL7B8Fh/tA/3hV6K3iQ5AB/Ckv7WK9tJLaYsquOGX7yEHIYejAgEfT3NRaXdvcQMlztW7gfy7gDgbsfeH+ywIYfU+hotfUOaytcuUjqGGD+dAIPegsAMsQBRZti5kle+ggjRe2T696djjoMDtUJuYlzzwKrS365+Tke3Nbww1Wb0RzVMZSit7+SE8Q6RYa5pM2m6hGTDJghlwGRh0ZT2I/qeua4DXPhLZKhk0C8kt2AwIbj50IyO/3h3OPeu/N5vTBOP0pIrs5wDWywdVLTQweYUr2s2jw3xR4Y8ReELa5ubZpWtJIis1xbIwQq2A6yLz64B9x3zjAjhnltxqCQXbwD5hclHKjDYzvPQAjH4dq+lL6Gz1XTprC9TzIJ02SLuwSPr26ZrmvDng19N0zV9MlvBLY3k8hhhR2HlQsCMZPRuRk89Ae5rBuUL8y1OuEoVLOL0PONO8VQ39tDpvi8XGpWMcyzQ3CsPOgYEd/40Izkfzrrfi4uv3a6bq+g3F5c6UI/MAsWyRKSdrjbyQVOPTIrD1b4YapaJPJY363OJMxQtGFfysdN3Qv7dDx0qx8JdbuNA1dvDOsxT2yXbKYVmQp5Uxz69A+O3ce5paPWPToXZrSX3nOeFLV/E+qXNhq2qXLXksck1vI/IE+Ru3D6AAj29QKv+ILoeE45PDVvpNsszxKNRu7mMv8Abh1woP3YuuDw3B6V1/jbwHqeqeL7TWtL1KSAbtxYkA2jKg2lB/ErEcr7n1q98QPDmqeK49Ksnu/smnxxyyX80agsJAo27VPJJy2PTJ9qOZXXbt2HZ2utzz+fxN4bfw4unW/hSLMrCSdDKyRpIOMqwy54A9Oprp/CviX4ekC4vdIstEu0hMTkxEoynghSPvE5xyM8nrmuF8Qvb6vqVvc6JaatPHMiwK81qqieRFC/KR95sLkg9OfU1RvbfU9E1JY5Vmsb2L95GeAcdNy9cjkjP8sU+VNW2fqJyad+nodt8OtAZrvWoRcabfWEts9mZI3Mih8koWTAIxwcHkYri7HQr+V5JZdPuZ7azuRDqAhINxEAp58s9MjufeorfV9ZhkRjql45YSx7jM6/KcjA5+br7849q9f+GXifTNRghsp5CdZ+zJ9pkkiCtKVyPvfx4yPz+tKXNG/W41ytehzUXgzw3rtjb2+ha20eotZrNFHdEsJIgSMunBTqBx+RzU3hj4aTXVtb3WqwTaZe2moLIQZC63MSEHOAflP8IYeg4Oa9Pg0jTYL65vobKGO6umVp5lXDPgADn2wOKhv9FtrvXLHWTJPHdWKSJGI3wjq46OO4B5x/Oo5na1yrK97Hzv4q0i50nxXf2K20Cut08gZ1Ys8bMzK4x1yuT+B9DVKVjkRqQpYHBIz0xn6nB/8A117rrepWmnahcT3ekXbS2Vq8y3ptgYym3JUSds4Ax6mvI55rPUPCzTWmlLay2l6AGjkaRFjlDNtYnkfMBj6npmtITbWqInTS6mTWkt5p1t4aktZrW4lurqZpFkVwqxmMFUAH8Q+Zi3tjvis0xXcdutzLGRBJxHIY2SNjns54Jre8JQNexanA1sL21trR7l4EJ8zeAFBjIyUYgkHg8DkdMXLa5MdzmzFcSECXYqq2SqbsnHQew7/gKmPyg8Yx14qKeKwE8iW+9rdmJjWZdrgsMkHk56gBu+M9xV3w1bae+qpZ6iwSykEibpHIjjYodhbvszgEA9x0pt2VybXZWR1b7rA8Akdx/hT4o7eWVBdTtBCp3sy4LHHRRnqxJAx9elWLTTr65W9e4mMUlpCZJnmHzE7TsAHVgwU4256HqBVG7guY7gRsoZYQzNJG4kQNgbDuHBznIPfBounoOzWrRo6df3mjavDqGlXxiuLcrJBcRcEEqDyOcjnaV5HB9q+l/hz41sfiDpSqzpp3iOxG5kU5x0+dP70bcAg9Oh6A18sQRmCJYWdXKHZuUDBIJ54+mc1d0nUL3SdSt9S026ktbu3fdFKhwR6jHcEcEd6CT7T0y+adntblBBexAeZHngjs6nup/Toea0K8t8C+PIPHun20NvCtp4ltGUzgA7Il4zID/EjYxs6+vQNXqQpgFFFFABRRRQA18lSASDjqO1cq+j2lxaHQdRUx3YZpbe8X78zd5AT/AB/3lPGP9ngdZVa/s4b22MMwbGQyspwyMOjA9iPWluGx5x9hnsLt7G+ULOBuBUfLKv8AeX29R2z34JsHAHHFdNeW63wXSNZO25BLWl0g2lyB95f7rjuvQ89uByN/J9g1f+xL6eBdQMRnjRWAM8IIBkVeoAJAI7EjsaydOz02NJVXytvcc7nPynj1qFzzgdKVyQcDioycAmuqnBK1jyK1VzbIpPvn602g+tORM+wruuktTz7NvQbRUpjGOvNMMZHvSU4sbhJCKQGBPQVPVepYjlBntxUVVpcqk9bEi9amjbDexqCpFOR7iuWpG6OyjKz0LNFMjbcMHrT64mmnZnqRkmk0LRQKKk3TugooooGFIaWkPWhEy2CiiimZhRRRgUDUW9gFLRRSNEraBRTWkVe+fYVn6xrNhpVqLnUbyGzhZtgeRiMk9vf1oHY0qKqJcox+SUHOCOev+NO8zLFS/wA3pnBpXK5WWaQuo6sKqs6r95wPqaaJYugcE+gBJouHKy35i+v6VFPcxQxPLKwSONS7sTgBQMkn24NZOs6/pekxeZqF5Dbj+ESN8x9go5NeN+NPHWsa7qL2VndS2emg7mjjwrOgI2hz1yxGcdgPrVRi5PQUrRPZIL2Kw0+51vVXW0NxiRzLkeVEB+7j+uDnH95j1rKvvH/hSG2Mq6mt0WH+rhjZnPsQQMfjXiV1c3N3J5l1cz3D5JzNKznr1GfqaizWnsl1Zn7S2yOw1Xx5fLOT4btY9MgJJMU371HJ7+XwEPfK/rXNat4s1zUYzBrV9MsTEEqNq27EHg/KBg9/mqnQeQQRkHgg9DWihFdCHOT6h2Hp1HvRVY2vlZNpIYD12Y3Rk/7vb6jFJ9rMRCXcRRicBo8upP4cg+xFUSW80lCMrgMjBge45ooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiigfy5NABRSxAysFiDSk8ARqWJP4da6HQfBuu6xEZ4rdLWDnbJdFk3n2XG4j3/AJ0nJJajUW9jnaK7z/hWOpY51exzjp5L9fT7361l6n4D8RWMEk/k291HGCxNvKS2AOu0gE1PtIvqU6ckcvXS/DWDUJfFttLp7KBCN9yDJtDQE7WGP4uoP4DpXNAjAOcjqD6itHw0moPr9kNKDtdrMrIFJHygjcT6LjIP/wCqnLWIoaSR7Xcgy+IdLhHREnmP12qg/wDQjXQViWSeb4quJBylvaRoD2Bd2b8+BW3XIdctwooooJCiiigAooooAKKKKAGSrvQr68j61yPxGsr298J3VtYxySTB0cxRjLOqsCV9/XHt712NVrtMMHHQ8H60bO66DWqs+p4V4W0zxPd3PlaO1/aKp2SSl3hjj9Qc9+fugZ/nUHiHwzquhHdf2qmGRtqzxvvRz6Hup9j+te68t6mob22t720ltLqJZoJlKyRt0Yen9c1ftne9tCfYq2+p5x4a+IjW1vDaazayTLGgQXMLbnOO7qev1Brpbbx54bnu47ZLq4TzDgSSWzIgYngE9uv0rl9d+HsttqFp/Zs1xcWU9wsc2UDSW6k8vn+Idee3FdnZeD/DVm6SRaRA0iFSHlLOwYd8k0S5OnUI8+ztobpyCR0xSd/cUvU59aKxNildaTpN3ci6utK0+4nByJZbZGf8yM1dGAAoAAAAAHAA9PYUUUasNArL8UazDoOjyahLE8pBCRxqDyx6An+Ee/8AiK1K8v8AjDqF0dVg0sT7bQQLMYlf77ljyw9BgY/E9quEeaViZy5Yssad8TJGu0XUdLijtjkO9u7M6++G6jPatfXfH2jW+l+bpVwl7dyAiOIoyhDj7z5AwPbv+deSUV0OjFu5ze2klYmvLme8u5bu6laWeVi8kjdWPr7en5VDRRWpluFQaihksJ0Bw2wkfUc/0qelGMjPI7/SgBqOJY1lXo4Dj6Ef/XparaZxZJGesRaM/wDAWI/oKs0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVa0uwu9Tvo7GxhM08udq5AGACSSe3Tr9PWqpIwcnA6k+les/DbRP7E0ifVdSVIJ7hN5LZ3RQAZwfQnqR9PTiJy5VfqXTjzO3Q4yy8NeIdOt016TTSBauskdtIC8rtnAOxc4AJB/D3rm3EnmusvmNNkmTcp3k55JHUHrXY3PxG1pr24ltEto7ZwRBHJHuaIdnz3Pcg8flXJXl1dXlw9xd3M08rklnkcknJ/Tr0ojzX1Q5ctkoshz1yceucjFdTY6WP+EOks7zULKxn1HUbYWxkfe6YByCq5Kn5g233GcZrlgAOwAp9hNJp15FfWrCO4hJZJGAYqcHB57jOR9B6U5JtExaTPedA0ey0PTl0+xjKxqd0hP3pHwMu3ucD9K0B1yO3cdq880VPEdxoHh11e+aaHWFklkkBZXtXVjuJz8yAN+ZPoK1fFVysvjTw/YJOIFtTJfXExfaEQKVCk9MNyD+Fcji7/edakktPIybKXXvEXj8x3Maw2mg6g0m4oVxwwVP9pmGDntn0OK9G2OkTSFdiAFmJIAA9T6fWkW5a8fzNKsBIWAzdTqYoTx1H8cn4AD3qVNKindX1Sc6hIpyI3QLAh9oxwT/vZNOSvboQpW8zI/tGS6bZpVsbzsZ2OyAf8C6v9FH4ipk0WScrLqcn26RSGWMrtiQ+oTufdsn6V0excDgegprukYxwD6CiMG3oKdZRV3ohIFEUKqxAIGDUU93HGDgjPrWXqGqxpIY9+SOw7VhX15JO5wxCj0717mEyiU7SqaI8evmEpNqGi79Tfn1NOcvn05pseqpHwWwO2a5c80da9n+y6NrNaHBzyvzXd+9zpm1X5xzgHpnHND6oEG7O0j14rmaCc9eaf9m0dNA5pX3f3nVf21F5e7zB9KwdZ1lre8XVIQSqL5dyB/FFnO73KEk/QtVOj9acMsoQbstRupJ/E2/Vm5FreQGJx365z/jUdxrLyHqwH0rmrD/RZjp7H5QN9sSeTHnlfquR+BHpV2rhgqN78uom2tL6F86jI74ckKfQ81JBKJF3KTjOCKzKsWT7ZCnZulazoxUW4q1iUa0lwBxHyfU9BS20jOSGOSOQaq1PaMA5U8ZHFcMoJRdkFtC5HIUbIORVyG5AxzVCkdtqliMgDNcdSjGpo0EZSg7x0ZuRzJIOcfQ0y9sbG/iWO9tLe6jV1cLKgYBlOQeehHXNYsN2q87ivsav2moKxAJBH1rza+XzhrBXR6lDMOlT7zTfdgkDJ6/WmRGTYDJgN7dqaJlJ9PepAw7MDXnShJbnoxqwmtGmcV4i8L6lqXiC3ur3UoJdLgv1u4bbyzGUxGRsJXGRvIbPua5STwtqd6L3xJ4u0q9upbmRI47LTMmSBQDl8Z+78oAX0bP09gIDAgjIPY1GI2jIKHIHY0czRejR4/4WvvCcFzp/hpdOvNQN40yN/aUSRtYIwJManq24jOeOfeu2TwD4bXUbLU9OhmsZbZxIqQykozDuwbPPJyeK6e9sbK9aN72ytrlozujM0SuUIPBGeh4zVhRzhQcnnAHJ96G+wLzEQEIoY5IGCfWh3VMB+Cema4nxb8RtK0ea9sbVJrq+gXClEDRGT+6Wz1XOTx2Irm/hDq0l1LqdneXkk88ji6QyOW3ZyHI9OcH8R6UcrSvYE02keozqkoZWUMp6gjiuR8f+G7zVNANjosFosrzxvISREQqk85A5Iz+RPtXTxT8ASfgasxkAgnBH51Ceuho00mjydfAnje0hSxstdWS0jTYitcuihSeRsIIx/njmtyz8C6pLZabb6k2ikQsRcmGBo5SgYlQksZXB5545ya9EHIznIoq+Zsz0WxwPi/wXKfCyafodhaXswYBpL6QmdUBG3ZJ32+h7VieDPAd02m6rpev6bCJ2H+iXzuJBv2kblUYxjg9s8Z6V6zSFVJyVGfWjmaVkGjepxNn4Lkk8J6ZZTR2VjrOnSRmG+jzMwEbk5BOCdwJ+U8DJ9BXMnwRqmk+MYJIw2s6feHbfGfaqFN/3ShOPl+Qgj07V67Uc0SyAZxx60cz1BJJ6nz3eeFpr7UhaeH5odWtZZmXzEco0GG/5bDgpyPvdDg454q18PvAus+NNZfT7cNb2kMjLd364KRbTggf3nJBwv4nivYtB8FaafENxLo9kIbuYH7Xcl2ZIFY7jweNzHnb+JwOve6VY2mnWi+HPDMKWlvBxcXCKMRk9fZpD19u/YHeDb9DKaS9SnpfhzSdK0+Dwz4btltxayrNPdjBeOTAy5b+KVhxg9jzxgHsx0qvY2kFlbJbwJtVfxJJ6knqSTyTVirICiiigAooooAKKKKAK1/aQXtu1vcJuQ4IOcFSOhB7EetfBv7XHhD4oeB/iiPiU2u3upWUkyiw1SJdpssfdgdRwo68/dfJzySK++6o63pena1pVzpWrWUN9Y3UZingmXckinqCD1oA+Y/gP8Y9K+IunJYXvlWPiWCPM9qOEuABzJF/Mp1HPUdPUmyUIHNfJv7SHwG1z4R60vjLwTNey+H0mEsc0bHz9MfPAcjqmej/g3OCfSP2ffjhZ+NoovD/iSWG08SKAsbcJHf8AHVeyyeq9/wCH0rWE7aHBiMP9qJ7KqknGMVMOBx0FLRWspORxRiohRRRUlCMqnqKFULwO9LRTu7bhZX2ChTgiiikPbVEoJBBFTqdwBqup+UU+JsHB6GuWpG9/I7qE7NdmTDrS0lKK52ehF9AooopFhSd6Wm9zTRE9haKKBQQtXYUdKRmCjJNKSAPQCq08qglmOAOB61LNoroSmUY4BJqN3OCS2APwFYXibxLYaDY/abtjuY4iiXBeQ+gHp6noK801D4k67cMwtbaytV7Eq0rAfjgfpTjGUloU3GO7PXnuG3YReOgyMk15b8YtZtruW00uGVJpbeR5JyvPl5XaEz+JyPYZrl7nxR4iuBOJdYudtwAsgTCDAzwMD5euOOvfNYwwOgxWsKbTuzOdRNWSNiPxN4hj06Owi1a5it4htQIQrBf7u7qRVnQPGOuaSwUXJvbfOTDcsWH4N1U/55rnqK05YtbGfPJPRnZ3nxH12Vyba3sLZc5AKGRh7ZJ5PvisXUPFPiK/Upc6xchMYKQkRKf++cZrGooUIoHOTGzypGklxKSdoJZiSWI9M9z2/Go7ON0iLyj97Id8nsf7v0AwPwPrTZf392sXWOHDye7/AMK/h978vWrFUSFFFFABRQzKoyzKoPGSQBWr4V0iTWtXtrbyrtrR5Ns89ugYRLg87j8o5x+tJtJXY0m3oR+H9IuNc1EadbTwwTNE7o024KdoHHHfnP4GvbdI0uz0yxtraC3gXyIwodYwCWwMt65OOtZXg7w3ZaVbQXMul29vqaK0MkscjOHGfvDPTcAD7cjiujrlqT5npsddOHKrvc5/WfB+gancfa5bCGK6zkyRoAH9mXo1eQ3+mz2vjGfQUjkuY47vyhJZx+Y6IcHPlZz8ob17V791pI7VFLTRW8as/wB51QBm/HvShUa8wnTUvI8u0j4d/bVLnxFaSIhIYW0DMw+ocgqfqPzqXxf4T0Lw94ckug99c3UjrDAZJ9qhznnCjBwATj+Vei3Wl2164lkgIlXpPGSki+4ZcH+deX33hrxn4k1me6ui8dnFIY4Yr5wsoQH+Db8rMccsQMk98VcZtu7dkTKCSsldnEySJFGZJGCqOrHgUeZH/wA9E49GBH517P4e0fw7ooWGSxNreZB8zUkUSOf9l/uEc9FI/Guot9NthBsit4I1OSUEKhT/AI1brWeiM1R0vc+cGkjUkNIikcEFgCPz6U6voufS4HcyPaW0rk5JMSlifxHNcR4h+HdleXElzpl0dPkc5MLJui3e3dR7fyoVZN2asDou2jueV0Vp+IdD1HQrtbfUIkUyLujkjfcjgHqD2PtWZWyaaujJpp6hRRQSFBZmAHckgCgQU6ON5WKxxySMAWIRCxAA5PHYCp9M0+/1aWSHSrSS9eKMySCFlyi59z1PQfSvRND+HTWmqw6hLqzkQyB444oSrFc52uSeODg4Hr61EpqOjepcYOWqWh53plnLqOp21hASJLiRVUhSxAJ5bHcAc5rs7f4bX/8AarRXN7ELDaxW5ix5hOPlGw9PU8//AFvRNN0jTNLBGnabbWYf7xiiCk+309quDJIAGSawlWbemhvGiktdTzK1+GV79pUXer2ot8ncYI2Ln6buAf8APNdLp/gPw5Z3Jma2mu8EFEuZC6IfXHc/Wus8iXj5D+FWEsjwWb8Mdalzk+pXLCPQqQW5RQsMaxL2CqFA/AVYFsWbLOSfpzV1Y1A55P6U7IHoBS5ROoUGteDgkfUcVGbeReRg454PNaYYHvQyKRyPxFNxsKNS+t7nnHivwDZ6m8t5YH7BesSxG0mKRvUj+En+8P1rZ8LaHbaRptvDFaW0d4YUW5ljQAyOBySe/OTXVGIkHDZHoaIrdVIAwMkdBQ+Zq3Qd4p3S1MjQow1/q0o5zdrFn2jjUfzJrVlXaRjpVHwsudIFweTcTTTk+u6RsfoBWqRnIPSixPMVgMkDvT5I9oB6ipERVOck06iw76lainOm0+x6U2kMKKKKACiiigBCQASSAACSSQAPf2FePeLvjbZRXMlp4Y0pNWjjbBvZ5zFA5B/5ZhQWce/yj0z1rof2gdRuLD4aXUVs7I1/cw2UjrwRG+4v9NwUr9CfWvnNQAoCgAAYAHavNzDGyw9ow3ep+hcEcJ0M5U8Rin7kXaydru13d7pJW21v1Vj2rwh8a7KW5S08UaSmlJK20XtvOZYEJ/56BgGQf7XI9cda9TOAcAgjsQQQf8R3r5CYAqQwBBGCDzn2r6B+A+oXF98ObaO5dpGsbiazR25JjQgp9cBgPoKWBxksReMt1qVxrwpQyZQxGFfuSdrN3s7XVnu01f59Xc7yiiivQPgAooooAKKKKAGTyJDDJNIdqRqXZsE4UAkn36dK8V8d69B4i1eG7tLeSGCGIxguV3SgnIYjGR34yevbJrr/AIp+JZrRToNiWjlliV7iYNgqhJwg9M45Pofc48x4xxwK6aMLK7OetP7K+YUUUVuc4UUUUAFFFFAFa1wt5dx46sso/wCBLz+qmrNVn+TU4jnAlhZCPUqQw/mas0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB03w1sjeeK7Z3sjdW8AZ5CQCsRx8jnPXBHA/wADXU/FvWL22tI9Jit3S3vFJluT0cAjMY9D0z7H3q58I0tl8KM8JzM905n45BGNo+m3B/E1L8WY0bwdIzKhaO5iZS3BBLEce+CePTPoK5nJOotPI6lG1N6+Z4/RR2J/P2qubyJiVgDXDDgiLkD6t0FdJyljp1IH1qG4u7WFCZp4lU5GCwJPtjqfpXQeBPCmpeKtSdZpI7WxhBWYwsGlUsh2kbhxz/EB2PrXtejeDvDenQQCPR7KSeJFAnkhVpCQByWOT2rOVRJlxhdXOY+H+ja9aaFEwN1arOiF49RcOYGwdxjjXoDkH5iMYHB5ql8PtC1O78S6h4j8Q2skk8pEMH2uP5kVW6ov3VUAAZxz19c+p7VxjaKCoz05FYXevmbXtbyHEknkknuT1qqY5fOBBO30A6/jVmoJ7lIwfmyaqNOU3ZK7M51Y0k3LRBdzCJeuK57VNVVMqjAnuc8CjxBfMYtqkjPJPTiuTd2c5Zs/0r6zKsrjyqc9zwcRXdWV+nRF8TCZ2YHJzkn3oqtZHlhnnjirNe1OKi7dDAKKKKkAooooAKKKKAIL6Bp4g0RVbiI+ZCT0DYPB9jkqfr7U6znW5t0mVWUMDlW6owPKn3BBFS1Sk/0S/Eo4gumCyeiS9Fb2DcKfcD1qXo79Ov8An/X6FLVWLtLkgg9MUlFUSWFupAACAfc9TVuJxIgcdP61mVoWgIgXPHf9a5q0IpXSsxkysynIJB+tPaaR1KkjHfAxUdFc1k3djClGQeDg+opKKYFu3u2XAdj9e1XFuTjg5Hsc1kUoJBypI+lYTw8Ju9hW7M3IrzYcE5Bq5Hco4zXOpcEcONw9Rwamiu0Q5BI9sVwVsvjLVbm9LFVaSsndeZ0YIIBFeRfGCbXNM1SK3i1e6XTLxWkihjkZSrgjeGPVuoI54HYYFeiW+ogsBux+lSalb6Xq9p9j1S0hu4CdwSRcgMO49PrXmTwlWk9VdHpU8dCas3ZnzU6NDbFA0jY+8WyWwTyffqat+Gb240K6tb6zVRJBkrG5JUqQcofYg4//AFV69qvwt0a+1ZruyvZdOtXQA2sESlQ3crn7oPpj6V59e/D/AMX6fBLLPp32mNZGx9nmWRwuRgherD369c1HMnozfZKXTuehweOfDLmFX1DymkjR8GNiqlwPkLAYyM4NdRHI6cg8HnHUEe1fOerWN7a6rJa3ayRXkRw0JBdtxAJGB1bBzxnrXdaH40s1k0PTNPu7bRrG3yLs3r+YJFyPlDDpnJOTjBx2GKwlSsk4nTGre6kewI5wGBIyM1YU5XPtXDt8Q/C0Wlm6TURcFZFQRRqRIQWI3ANjIGCSR2+orf8ADmvWGtGY6bdxXkULhJGiyQjEZAyepqLNatA7PZm1RRx3o7juTwAO9MkKk06zutVuzbWZMccZxcXJGRF/sr/ef/0HvnoX6Rp9xrUxWB3gs0O2W5XgsQeUj9T2L9ucc9OgtEW7hTTtHX7JpMI2PPESDJg8rGfTrl/rjnkawhfVmcpW0QWsMYi/sfQ/9HtoWK3N2py27uqn+KQ92Oce56bNlawWdslvbRCONBgAf55PvT7aCG2gSCCNY4kGFVRgAVLWxmFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBDdQQXVvLbXMMc8EqFJI5EDK6ngqQeoI7V8MftSfs13nhKefxv8ADq3nl0dX865sIcmWwOc748ctGDz6p9BkfdtIQCMEcUAfDv7Pfx9j1U2/hbx3drHqDER2epyEBJz2SY/wv0Afoe/PJ+jeckEYPQg9q8W/al/ZfW/+1eMvhrZpHdfNLfaPGMLKepeAdA3XKdD/AA4PB8z+Anx4uvDcsPhLx680mnRHybe+dSZbMjjZJ3ZB0/vL7gYGkZdDjrYf7UPu/wAj61oqO2ngubeO4tpo54JUDxyRuGR1I4YEdRipK0OEKKKKACiiigB8f3fxpw4NNT7op1Yy3Z0R0SJx0pRTUOVFOrke9j04vRNC0UgOKWpNk0wpKU0g5OKaIlqwpaBTZG2rx1PApFRjYjmYZIzgDrXG+OPFtpoKKmw3F5KrGGEMAFHZ39Fz+eD6GtXxZr1hoenm4vZSATtSNeXlfH3R7989v5+Fa3qd1rGpy6hespllwMKMKigcKPYf4+tOEOZ36FylyLTcZquoXmqXz3t/OZ53ABYgAAf3QOw9v581Voorq20Rzat3YUUUUAFFFFABUdzKIIWlK7iOAo6sT0H45FSVWH7+9znMduSPrIR1/wCAg/mfagCS0haGEK5DSMd0jDux6n6dvwFS0UUAFavhnQb7X7/7LZgIigGaZwSkS+p9Sey/ywayx1HpkZr2P4a/Y4PA1pMjxoCJJLlyQAH3Hdk9sYH4YrOpJxVzSnFSdi54a8LaTokAWG3W4uSMSXMyhnc+g/urnsP1ret7YqiwxRCOMcBVUKo/Cn6dJFNH50TpIrDKujBlK+oI6ik1VEubSWzZpFWVCrmNyjAH0I5B965dXq2dW2iRy3jnxbY+HY2topI59RdcxxEgKg/vP6D27+1cF/wsbxDsdTc6bkrgMIACn+0OeT9a9gi0PTpZZLySysxJMQzyGBWZyBjJJ6+lPksNDhiLyWtoQOp8hBn26VtTi5aRi2zCrUjB6zSMr4cNqV74Ws7rVGkknkVjvkADMm47CfXK4OfeunR4d4jGCfWufvtbVU8m0RVUDAAAAFQ6DeyfayZZCe4z616kMnq+ylUno7XSPOqZj7yUdlu31R1RROuMfSov3CEngk9TTXuk2gA8ms3U5QIiUkwR71y4fBupK0k1cqvjlGyp2Zo3VulzbGPCNG/VHAZT7VRt9HjsowNPvJtPfOTHGQ8JP/XNuAP93FUbfVSEK7wxHcHFM/tYFvvd++a6lk9Xmeuhm8yk46R19TVN5qNudt5YJdx/89bJvmx6mN+fyamxXOn38xS1u188D5oXBSUfVGw36VVivTIwIbnsOxq26Wt7AIr63huU7LIgYj6HqD9K56+Xygr7lUcxvK01ZdzivjHZE+GY7l1w9rdoRkckOCpH8j+FeTwxSzyrFBE8kjEAKqknJIGeOgyRzXvHivwsuqaDPp9tqN1DG4DJHMxnRGBypG75hg+/rXOfDbQNX8OwXEmqaYJbi4IDyWMglMaDPy7WwTk5bjPUelckZckbdT0ZR52pdDA074Y65cOFubqytgDghC0rDr9BXb+Hvh9pejSJcqDe3ag4lnIIBx/CvQfWt+PV9MYeRbXUaz9DFJmOQf8AAXwc09bxlcbsj0yCK2hh6tWLktjkq4ynRnypX8ySCwRAf3aoT12gKP8A69W0hjRQoUf1qi98QeCTTDqGDuZsZ461Sy+q1sS8yg+jNFoUYgkdOnekEKBt5AJ7HFVkvAQOcGkmugeNwqPqc72YPMYKL7lozqDgA4qN7jHTisme52vyevYDJ+tNN0pH3sfga9COXLR2OCWOrSVtjSM2erGmtLx1JrOF0uPvn8jWZ4l12PRfD2o6xNHJJDY20lw4BxkKpOM9icAZ963WDS1eyOfnnJ2XU6NZz26exqeK56A814kfjKq+GvCeqt4bnafxLeNbW9oLobkAcLv3bPmySOMD616pfapp+j2M2oane29nZw5MlxM4RFH1P8v51nVw0JRb3t+quvwNIzq0mvP/ADsdICCBjvUGoTi00+5umOBDDJJ/3ypP9K4L4U/FXR/iFqmt22iWV4tlpTIovZiAtwWLAbU6r90nnPbpmux8Tnf4fuoUPM4S3GPWR1T+RNeNKDT8j3YVVNW69UWNEgNro1jbEYMdtGhHvsGf1zVulbG44GBk4FJUGgUUUUAMl+4fwqGp5f8AV1BSZSCiiikMKKKKAMD4geHI/FnhG+0NpRBJMA9vMQSIpkIZGPqMjBHoTXyxq1nfaNqUml63aPYX8R+aGXgMP7yHo6nswr7GqrqWnafqcAt9T0+0vohkiO5gWVQfXDA4rkxeDhiFq7Pv/W59Rw3xTichnLkjzwlvG9tejuk9beX+Z8haTZ32takml6JaNqF/KflhiOQo/vO3RFHdjX014D8Op4V8KWWiCQTSwgtcSgEeZKzFnYegySB7AV0em6fp+mQG303T7SxiPJjtoFiUn1woGabcqVlJPQ8ilhsHDDrR3fcriLinE59OKnHkhHaN769W20ruxHRRRXSfNBRRRQAUydpFgkaFBJIEYohbaGODgZ7fWn1X1Gzhv7C4sbkMYZ4zHIFYqcEevahAeJeK9YvdZ1GOTULO1tbq3QxSiFTl+eAeTwMnGPU1kV1XxD8PRaNqKHTNNuYdPEKl5cl495OMZ/h6Ae5Ncoro3CspIJHBB5B5Fd0LNK2xwzTUncWiiiqJCiiigAooooArX/yiCYDPlTKT9DlT/OrOMVDfxmWynjHVo2x9QMj+QqSCQTQRyryJEDD8QP8AGgB1FFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFAyTwMkelQS3ltG+wyhn/uRgu35CgCepLQwC7jN1HLJbg/vEhcI5HHQkHHf/AOtVLzbuTiK2EQ/vTtg/Xav+Iq1ommw6lq9rY6lqNwsU0ixsYEwASQAu1eec9T0xSew1q9D2rwdfeGbbSLWPSGZYpSzi3CtLcF84O5Vyc5GPTiua+N9/qMtrplkln9jimkeYm5cF2CgAHYvQfMerV6F4a0uw0i1jsdNtY7W2hUKqRqB36n+8epyag8d+H9N16yQajJJCLYmSOaNwpQEDd14I4HX0rljJJ3Z0yTa5UfOwsTIhlnMt0qMocuQEUtnHyjg9D69D6VLK3lRFY1UsASkeQoIHX9K6HxXc6ehi0XQ2SXTbYiQ3AXL3M5BBZj/EFBwMccnrium+DGi2l1c3Gs3qCRYnEFuCoKhxhi/sRwPxNdDlaPMzBRvKyOk+DmiR6VoSXbRst1fIJZjIhVlGflTn+EckfWu9qKCERSMV+63I/wAKlrnu22zZ2WgUUUUCILyTahUHBNZEjbnJ7VoX+SDjqKzHYKpYnAFe5gKaULrdnz+Mm51XfpojC16fdkenHFYwYk4/KrmsvuuSB0zn8aojORivs8LTUaSM4xTi2yWIMZFC9cir9VbMgSEHqRwatVFZ6mYUUUViAUUUUAFFFFABTLiGO4gkgmXdG67WHqP6fWn0UboCrp00hElrcNuuICFdiMeYpHyv+OOfcGrVU9RR0Md9ApaSAEOg6yRH7y+54BHuPercbpLGssbB0YblYdCCOv05zUxuvdfT8v6/rUb8hauW1wCAknB6A9jVOiicFNWYjVoqO2O6BSTzjrSzSCNMt16Aeprh5Xfl6lD6Kgt7gSHaw2nt6Gp6JRcXZgFFGR0BzRSAKKKKACniWQAAOeKIkDuFLYz3okQI5UHIHep0bswLUGoyxjB5I704agxkDOCAPTmqFFZvD0m72V2F21bobC6lHlSMZXkEjke/saqyXkfmEi3iIznOxao0VlHBUU78pXtJtWcnb1Jk03w/LO102haY07ElnNqhYk9T0681qactpp9oLbT7S3tIASwjhjCLknk4HfPeseNyjhl/Eeop9/qdlYWU17e3EdvbwoXlklYKqKB1J7f561jUwNO90tClWqrRSZsPfZzlsADJ7D6+31r5n/aC/aAYLceFfAV78x3RXmqxNnjoY4T+eX/759a5H41fGjVfGty/hTwYt0mlTuImaNCJ74k8KAOQhP8AD1Pf0r3b9lz9mS38Oi18YfEO1iudZ+WWz0x8NHZnqGkHRpPbkL7np51Z00+WmtDuoUZ356ju+x3X7LEHxH1P4SadbfENDa28ahLMPlbu5tsDaJv7o7f3mGM+/t0aJFGscaqqKMBVGABTwMUVznYFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAARmvnj9pz9m/SviJHP4l8LLBpnisDdJn5Yb/AB0D/wB1/R/++vUfQ9FAH5qfCv4n+Lfg74hn8J+K9PvH0uCYpc6dONs1ox6vFn88fdbqMZzX2D4X1/R/E+iW+s6FfxX1jOMxyx8YPdWHVWHdT/hWt8ffgp4Y+LOjFb1FsNcgQiz1OJAXQ9kf+/H7Hp2Ir4d3fEr9nL4gvY3sBjilIMkLEtZ6jED95T+PUYZSefQ3GVtzmrYdT1joz7gp+zgY61xHwr+JPhv4iaR9q0a48u8iQG7sJWAmgPr/ALSejD2ziu2RscGrle10cSjZ2loxpBHaipaTAznFSqg/Z9hE6U6iiobu7miVlYlh+7+NPpqDCinVzS1bZ6EE1FIKKKKksAKWgcUUjVKyCq165VeOT0FTyNtHHXtXI/ELWG0rw7d3KMBMw8mEE9XbjPvgZP4Ut3YuPfseYfEfWjq3iGSKKQtaWZMMQzkM+fnf8SMfh71zNAAUBV6AAD6UV1xSSsjmk222wooopiCiiigAooooAiu5TDCSg3SMQsYPQsen4f4GnQRLDCsanO0ck9Se5Pueahi/f3bTHmOEmOP0LfxN/T8DVmgAooooAKmju7qK0ns47mVLW4wZ4Q3ySEHgkd//ANXXAqGup8BeFY/EbXct1cTQW1uVQGILudyCcZOcADB/EVMmkrsqKbdkW/hZ4gm07VY9GYM9tey4jwceVJgnPupxyPYH1r2K0ijeIyyAnB554NY3hjwjo2jAz2lrskK7TNIxeRh6ZPT6CtO+vFSJo48Ko6Ad6mlQeImuVadRV8QsPCzd30RBreqLFCYouGIwAO1cy8kjgK0jMB2J4p1zKZpmcnIJ4+lRV9phMJDDwUVv1PBqVJTk3J3YUoyCCDgjuKSiusgsJd3CjHmE/Wo3mkcYdyR/Oo6KlQineyAKKKKoB8UrRnKtx3HY1uWUruwXORjOe+KwkXc4Udziug0yLGWxxwBXDjeVRu9wexuWZzFgnOKSeYRghVx9KfbqPLz3qC55J/GvkoxjOq21oerOc6eHVnZmRq/k3Uey6giuEBwFkQMP16VgS2qWxIs728tCefLR98Y/4A+QK3r9Rgn0I/lWHcoUlOTkHkGvp8JRg1ZnlqTtcg+3atCfngtr1R0MbmF8fQ5Un8RR/b1sjBbq3ubMnqZozt/BlyKdSjIB5wD27V2+witn/X5/iPmTL9tqcM0XmW9yk6esZDjH4dKbJfkg7CxJ9TgCsefTrCd/Me0jEnXzEBRs+uVwaabO5j/49tTuFHZZ1Ey/rhv1qVQS6X9P6X5hp0ZpPcSv1bH04pnmy/8APRvzrO8zVY8b7W0ugOphlMbfk+R+tB1OKMf6Va3tr2JkgLKPfcmfz4rVci0at8v12CzNMTygffJ+teIftS700dtQXxddWkrQx239jxy4W4VnYl2UHkYHoRwK9itr2yuji3vLeU+iyAt+XWvLfjp4Hk8U+KPCpt9Fnn3XHl6hdruCxWwYfK3PHVjmuXHQ56L5Frdf1p6+hth2o1Fzaf15nlR8NWjePPDfh0/EMm0gsBdfbTcLssJNpby4zuwCGC9xXsXxp8FWGtaPP4n1zxDezado+kAwWEPyrLMqn947ZOdxI6DPvXOeFfhHol18SPE76p4Ylg8PQ7Y9KjeV1VzkAuG3ZI4P512vxv0vWNR+GdzofhzTp7y4uHhhEUJGViUgk8n/AGQPxrhhhX7CbmuraSbv5adu3l8jaVT95Gz20b0W9m/+D2Kf7HWntp3w0lv2HzalqEjg99sahAPz317XfzF5dLg5IkvkYj2jVn/mB+lcj8JdCk8PeAdC0aePy57WzXzk6kSMSzD65YirHxH8VReFLS11JoVuJ44ZRaW5Yr5s77UUE9lADMT6A+orjxcIU6K5tLJXf5kUI1K+KUaSblJ6JbtvRW9WekIryLlEdh3IUnFBDKcMpU4zggg4r431/W9c8RXJutf1a6vZDnEe9khj5+6kYO1R+vqTWv4G8eeIPB17HJbXd1f6WG/0jTZ5S6Mvcxbs+W47Y4PQg18gs0oSnyrbo+n/AAx+t1vDjNqWEde8XJK7it9umlm/z79/rCiq2l31rqemWupWMomtbqFZoJB0ZGAIOO3Xp9as16J8CNl+4agqWc/KB71FSZSCiiikMKKKKACiiigAqOePfGcDkcj/AAqSigexn0VLcx7XyBw36VFUbGi1VwooooAKKKKAKWuabb6xpFzptyzrFcJtLJjcvIIYe4wDXDfEDwrDFY28um6NNcTwWXkvfJcLH5SpjDOnRzgHn+dejVwfxP1xjp97odrZXMpCI15P5LCOGMkMOe5OBz0HP4aU27pEVErXZ5vo9ldardraWMYknZdwWSRYyRnGPmIy3tWiPC3iMvLGmjXDvDjzFR0ZkyMjIDcZ7VimYxzxFXKzht8ZABKlSCG+gIH+TWvpPiHVdM1G81C1uFa6vAfOklQMSxbdux03DoPr9K6nzdDkXL1uZRBBIIIIJBBGCD6exzSU52Z3Z3YszEsSTkknqfrzQkcjq7JHI6xjdIVQsEX1OPuj3NUT6DaKKKAFBwQfQ5qrpuUtfJ7xSPH+THH6EVaGT0BP05qglzb29/dRy3ESbtkoBcZyRtPH/ARQBeoqsLxX/wBRBcze4j2j82xRuv5Pux28A9ZHLt+QwKALNNlljhXM0iRD1dgv/wCuoPs0j/668nYekeIx+nP60+K0tYjujt4w394jLfmaAGC8jfiCKe4PTMaEL+ZwKM3snRYLcH1JkbH6AfrVonPvSUAVjZpJ/wAfMs1x7M+F/wC+RgfzqeKOOJNkSLGvoqgCnUUADMERnY4Cgk844xXsfhiw0PTrPQ7K5j086q0BngIQl2JG52XPI6/zxjFcD8NLa0ufFsS3kcckcUEsoEgBXcoGCc9hknPsPw9LTXPCsupCVdT0pr1R5QkLqHC5Pyhj25PGawrNt2R0UYpK7Om08DcT74qv4x0w6z4eu9KFyLY3MezzCgYAbgcY98Y/Gn2TgvwQQwyCCDn396n1Alo1PvzWKdldGkld2POfDPw1WC8lk11oL5AMRwoGCHIHzNnknqAPx9APQ9L0u2sbeOCCCKGKMAJHGoCqP8fepNOZ2znoowCf5VcqruW7J0jogooooJCiikYhVJo3E2km2ULngnJ5zWJqkvlwcYBySP6VrXkoyTn1+grmdenyCFPGMCvqctouTWh81Ozm2jFuZTLKW9+KYvWkpU6n2r6+yUbLoauyjYcudwx1zx9a0VztBIwcc1RtxulUe+attIokEZ6n8hXJW1aSMB9FFFYAFFFFACqGYgKCT2A60HIJBGCOxq1pdxFbXBklQsMYGO3vTNQnW4umkUbVOAB0rPmlzuNtLb+fYCDBxnHHTNJVpVU2RAIJHJx2NVaqMr38gAE5yODVK2/0S8NoRiCbdJb+inq8f67h9T6CrtD2aXsEkRcxyKQ8Ug6o4PDe/Pb0J9aVR2V+w15hRUdtKZYsyJ5cqkpLHnOxx1HuO4PoRUlVFppNbMWzL1kwMW0nkE8VHdOrwKSRuznAqr0orP2SUua4XCrZ+1KgIIIx+IqpUy3EixlOCMYBPUVU4t2sk/UERors4C53H3xWmOABWWCQQQcEdKlknldNpIA7kcE1FWm5tW2A0oFSSYRlucZxmpLqDySOcg9PWsWOR43DoxDetSz3dxOMSSEgenFYyw8uZWenUOpdDKSV3Akds80tZXfPep4bl0BDfMO2TyKqVBpaO47l6iqqXY/jXHuOf0qdJo5CArDJ7Hg1lKnJbhcfRTXdUALMBn1ri/ij8SvD/gLSvOvZBdahKpNrYxOPMlPZm/uJ7n8PbOclCLlLRdyoxcnZK7Og8WeI9G8LaLLrGuXqWlpHxk8s7Y+4i/xMfTt7V8qeNfGfjP41eK7fwz4b026NnJL/AKJpkByzkf8ALSU9Djrk/Ko/MmgaL8SP2iPH3lwIXhiOHlYFbPTYiT+vtyzY74JH3j8Dfg/4V+FGgfY9Gg+06lOo+3alMo86dvQf3UB6KPxyea8TFYx1fdjovz9f8j06GGVPV6s4/wDZo/Z50X4YWkWta15Gq+K5F+a5C5itARykIPf1fqe2BwfeKKK4jqCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACuY+I/gXwz8QfDc2geKNNjvLV+Y2+7JA+OHjbqrD9ehyCRXT0UAfNHwT/Zz0P4beMtVvtb1Ka/mucwaJdLmIRRsMncRx53GMdMA4zkgej6tp95oswiv8PAx2w3arhHOeFYfwN+h7Y6V6VdW8N1bvBcxpLE4wyMMgisW5SbS4Ggu421HR2G1t6+ZJAMchh/y0T3+8PfqKjJoyqUo1FrucYp/hPBHrTqvatoEllCL7RWa/01huEaNvkiHYof+Wi/7PUds9KzYJY54llidXjcZBByD/n0olZ6nJySg7MkpUGWA7d6SpIe4+lZydloXTSclckooornO8KUUCikaRjZBQcAUUyY4Qe5oKIZ5PlZ+wHFeQ/GTUGk1Ky0tW+SGMzyAE8uxKj8gCc+9eq30qRx/O4RANzsTgBR3z2FfPfiHUn1jW7vUmBAnkzGCc7YwMKPyA/M1VJXlfsOo7R9ShRRRXScwUUUUAFFFFABUN5I6xhIjiWU7IzjODjlvoBk/l61MOTx1NVrX9/O90TlCDHD/u55b8SPyA9aAJ4o1hiWNAQqDAzycf4+9OoooAKKCcAnIAHUngCti28L+IrmxjvbfRrqSCQBkI2hmB77Sc++cUm0t2NJvZGOeATgngnA6n2r3f4aaJaab4fhME6XHngTSzRtlXcqOnoAABj2NeFSI8cjRyIyOh2srAgqQeh9DXpXwJ0+Q3l/qolIjUfZvLD8EnDFmH5AH3NRUV0XTdm1bU9Kv7xI0KdD0Fc9d5mDbWILdM+lWtduEW7IJ4HAA6k1ktduQQqgeh619Ll+FcKalFWbszwa1Rzm3J36fIa9rIq7gQ2OoHWoKsJdOPvKG9+hqBsFiQMAknFevDm1UjFiUUUVYBRRRQAUUUUAXdLiEkh45zjPpXSWkIVQAMY6VgaAwF2QTgECusgUYzXz+bVnCXL0NqFL2krEqDCBaqzjkn61bqnOTz9K8LD3cmz0MXZQSMnUO31H8qw7tt05HZeP8a2tQ559/wClYDHLEnuSa+uwUfd9DyVsJRRRXeAUUUUAFKCR0OKSigCG5tLS6XFzawTj/ppGGP69KgGl2yDFs91a+ghuGUfkcj8MVdopOMW721HdrQpfZtQjA8rVPMHpcWyt+GVx+dL5mqxnLWtnOPWOdo2/JgauUVPIujf33/O4+by/r5Etlq8qkGfTL9T0Yxoso+vynP6V5r+0Bcx311plzC0wjs5VgkSSB0IMiMwJ3AY+7jPv716RDIY5A/YdacYdP13Stb0/VYvtFne3DQyJkjKxoigg9mDAkHsRXiZtgZVqbpxfxf10PTybMVl2OpYzlvyNPf7/AML6nzVSEhRliAByc9q7fWfhb4js7kpo9xZata5+RppxBMPZgRtJx3BH0FdD4E+DVzeXcV34xntxZoQ39nWkjP53oJJMDC5/hXOcde1fnTyDGwnacbLv0/4J/SFfxNyKOE9tTqOUmtIWalfs9LK3V39L6Hp/wZtbmy+FXhu3vFaOYWSuUcYKhmZlHsdrAYrrxz71mjSBGALfVtXgGMAC6LAD0wwPHtQbDU1/1evzH/rtaRP/AEFe7ZJWPwSc3OTk922/vLkx+c+1MrPeHXUchb7TJef+Wlm6E/8AfL00vry/8u+kyj2mlQ/qGpAaVFZpudZU/No9u3vHqAH/AKFHS/bdTAy3h+5P+5dwt/Miiw7o0aiu0kktZo45WikaNlWRQCUJBww9SM/pVP8AtG6B+fQNUH+75Lf+1KT+1JP4tF1kf9uyn+T0WC6OQ07xNrmkalBo/iPT5pWkdY4r+2Qsk3IAZh26jPTHPFd+jblDDoayXv8AJOzTNaQHqPsTH+Rp8WqJGgH9ma0STk/8S9+tG72sPS29zVorNGrqRn+y9aPt9gfNKdV9NK1k/wDbkR/Wiwi5c4MJ+tVKin1OVomC6LrB4zzbqP5vVP8AtG6/h0PUj9TEv/tSpady4tWNGis77bqR+7oU4/37uFf5E0faNYY/LpNsg/6aX4P/AKDHSsVcNV1zR9JYJqOo29tIRuEbsSxXJ5wOSOCK4rxF8RylyItBghmiXlp7lGAfjoq8EY9T+nfS8X+FdS8SPDMzabYXMQ2CUPLKGXOdpHy59j7nrmuD1XwH4ys5SscVtdxk8SWkZc/98uwIranGG73MakprZaG3ZfEbWTqFt9qi09bYyBZgkbKdpIG7OeMZr1OVUljeF1EsbqUZSMhlI6e4Oa8N0rwH4o1K6uLWSY2ZgIWV5kRFBKhgBtBLcEHI/pXr1rpEotIo7/V9Uu5ljVZHFyY1cgDJAXGPpSqqKasOm5NPmOR8VfDq0g0yS80OK6N1FljHJIWDx9dq+hHb16V5nJcW0fMlxEmOPmcAg+n1r34aHpR/1lmJj6zSPIf/AB41zmvfDrSdS1Y6hbSrp5kAEyQ2yEMQMZH90+tVTq20kyalK+x4/wDb7UjMcjS/9c0Z/wCQrsvhxpmttrFlrcOi3jWI3nzJJEgEo2kAYJyRk55GOO9d9pngfw7ZbWeza9kXHz3Tlx9dv3R+VdL/AEonWTVkghRad2zwvx7o2p6VrrstpaWtreM00I8wuE5+ZPlAAIJ6ehFc95F2w/eXxX1EMSr/ADzX0F4l0W213SpLG5Owk74pQBmJwOG/ofYmvCJF2SOm9H2syFozlWwSMg9xxkVpSnzLXdGdWHK7rZlQ2MD/AOuMs/8A11lZv06UzyYbfUbdooo4xJG8Z2oByMMP5GrlVtRwkUc3/PKZHP0ztP8A6FWhkWic+9JSng0lABRSlWABKsAQSCRgHBOT7jgj8D6Gk60BYKKtPp14ukpqrRMlo8whjc8eY2CeB3UBSM+464qrRdPYLNbhRRRQAEZGDyOn4en09qkt4JrqeO2tYWnnkO2ONVyWPp9Kjr0n4M6bIDeX8tlcRmYLHbzuAEdMncF7k5HJ6Yx71M5cquVCPM7HdeGrD+ztKsNPDb/ssCxlvUgDmsnxj4nXTPEuk6ULu0ggYPNfvMfuRgHavsTgkd+nvXSatd2mh6Pc6jeuEggjLsSwBJx90Z6k9APevCZ7u88a+MY2byLeW7k8sBIwRHGoJ3NzliFHOT/SueEb3b2OicrNJHs/hrxNo+pqBZX8UpYE+WflkGMZO0845B/GugiljkBKNn1rg/CHhrQtIcvbG3u9Ttg0M10ABIu47ihAPHYfSux07qcev9KnRPTYpxbV3uXqKKKZmFUrufbkE8DpVqV9in1NYepynBwcdq78DQ9pO72PNx9ay5E9epn6ndN/Dzzgf41z9/M0khXdnHJPqasapPywBzngewrM7+pr7vBYdQipHmwjfXohacBj60AY570uDjODj1rtlLognK+iLNkPlZsc5xUksQkdWzjHYd6iss5b0xVojHcHjPFcdRtTbTMxY43kbagyaWSN422sMHrT7SYwTrJjIHUeoqTULhLiVWRdoAx9a5uaXOl0tuBCkUkilkGRnFMPB56ipYbh4kZFxhuvrUO4FiN2SOSKtc13fboAUUUUwCiiigApysynKsQfUU2ijcCpesba7F+SfLkxHc+g/uyfhnaT6EelW+QfQ9KR1V0ZHUOrAgg85BHQ1U05mhd7CRmZoQDG55LxE4B9yMbT9B6ioXuuy2f5/wDB/wA+5W69C5RRRVkhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUozkAZznAx1zVfUb2002xlvr+6htbWEFpJpmCog+v8AT+dfN3xZ+NOoa/K/h7wULi3s5T5T3SqRcXRPG1AOUU+g+Y+2cVzYnF08PG8t+i6v+u5rSoyqvTbud58YvjRY+GvN0fw88Wo6zyry5Dw2p9/77+3Qd89K474E/Azxj8Z9bbxP4luruz0GSTfPqU/M12e6wg9fTd90dskYr0n9mz9lOSf7P4p+KVsUjJEltojH5n7hp/T/AK5/99f3a+yrW3gs7aO2tYY4IIlCRxxoFVFHAAA4A9q+WxWLniJXlstl2PWpUY0lZGP4E8IeHvBHhu28P+GdMh0+xgHCIPmdu7u3V2OOSea36KK5jUKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAxp9OnsZnvNGKoWO6a0Y4ilPqP7je44Pcdxi32k2msNPe6QfsOqKQbq2mUqrtjpIvY+jr/48K7Os/U9NivGSZWe3u4h+6uI8b09vQr6qcigTSa1PPCZEuHtbiF7e6jGZIZMbgP7wPRl9xU0I4NdLqUcF6I9O8SQLDPu/wBFvYSVUtjgq3/LN+209f8Aaziuf1KxvdEcjUNslqThL1FwgHpIP4D7/d/3elTO9tDKNLlmmthKKKK5zoFooopGwVFOctj0qWqdw5CMw6scCkyo6s4b4t6u1n4eNrE+2W+fyQBjIiAy59uw/GvH/wBK6L4h6s2reJ7gDiCzJtoQCSDtY7m9iT/Ielc7XRTjaPqY1JXlpsgooorQzCiiigAoooJABOQB1JPQD1PtQBXvWZgtshIebILDqqfxN+v6ip0VVQIoCqBgAdAMdKgsh5pa7YEGUARg9RGDx9M9fxHoKs4oASlAJIUAkk4AAzk5/WkrZ8DiBvGWji4AMf2tCQehIBx+oFJuyuNK7SPQvAHgCO1SLUdYiEl4QGWGRcpAfTH8T+/bt616OBGiBcLj3A5qO6nEUAfuRmueudZ2ylVBOOtaYXA1cVeS2McRjFSfJFXZyPin4bajfeJrq9064tI7K6czEyFi0bnGVwOoJyc12ngbQY/DOirYm4jlmd2lnkUEB3IH6AAAfSrNte+ZbAh/vDJrF1i5IuB5crLgc4bAzXVRyudWThJ2t5djmeY9Yx163/QXxDg3xI75/GsynSyO+WdixweSc1DA5eMbiC3cV9XRpOFNRve2h5r1dySiiirAKKKKACiiigAoop0aF3Cgc/yHrRoldgTWDlLlSPeusspiQDmsOxsMAPzyOp6n/Ctu2iKADvXg5nUp1FpuXTbUk1uXXk4464/Kqk74Bz3/AJVJIwAIzx3qhey7UJzz2FeXhaF5Wsb4ms5Oxn6pchVZRySaxaluZPNmJzkdB/jUVfWUKSpxSOUKKKK2AKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKAFX7wB6E4P51Q0EltJhlOczF5iD/tOzc/mKm1OY2+m3U69Y4JHH1CnH64p1jD9nsbeDGPLhRPyUD+lRvL0X52/yK6E4OCCOCOldjpHMSHvgVxoPNddoMwkjXkdMV5mcJuje2xpQ/ix9Ua4ooor48+iGugb2I70wRYIycj2qWilYLsaFVf4RTqKKYAQCORmoJU2nIHBqegjOQelIaditgegpMD0FOdSp9uxpKRQmB6ClwPQUUUAJiqBxkkDHNaFRNBGQcDB9fQ0mrlRaW5UooZSCVYYNFSWFIRn3paKAEpaKKACiiigAooooAzvEtrcX3h3UbO1A8+e2kjjBbaCxB4z2rw7UrC7024FteQCCUqGMe9SyegYD7p74r6CxmvHPiNLp2o+LVOjTfbbieNFkWEqyu4GAFI6txgjtj643oyaduhjWimk+pzCIzuqIrMzEKoAJJJPQep9q3td8Daza+FpL+dAWcESWyKWeJCDhmx15xkDpx15x1UGmjwbDpJtdPS+1rUJ1hkmlVikCkDcq7fu9evfB9K9DBCvlTwDxTlWaemxMaKa13Pn7QtK1TWtIfUtOs3uoogol8sgsGKgkAfxEdSKr28TT3MVuCFMsqR5Y4CksBk+nU17r4cjSCzntERV+zXcseAoHG7ep+uGH5Vzfj3wUNUdtS0lI1vWP76EsFWcf3s9m9+/sRTVa7aegnRsk1qzK+Ivg+6FwNQ0u2jktIoYoBbQxkyJtyMgfxDnnvTfBHgWWaY3viC1kigUgx2zkBpTnq47L7d/p17/w5Df2+hWUGpyLJexxBZXViQSPfucYyfrV+s/aSS5TX2cW7nlPxV1qG6vYNGs2T7PYnMgQYUS4xtH+6M/mfSuJre+INh/Z/i+8jW4imScm5IGQ0Zc52Hse5+hHvWDXTBJROao25ahRRUkUM8oYwwTShBlzHGzbR6nAOBweaogksbG9v3aOwtJ7qRBlhEhbb9fSvdfh54ZPh7SDHPcm4uJJN7EFgg4wFUHoBTvh/ov9jaDBp8zJJLGC8hUcF2JJ+uOmah8e+NbXwykdvbxxXeouQVgLlRGn958cj29fbHPPKTm7LY35VBeZj/E/xVZrpNzb6dLpeoSWc6pfWlxGZDjOMgdyrEZbnGPz8m0DV7vTTLdWj/vZFYRvsU+UWI/eL2B2lhkevsMWPE82n32sjUdPH2eO5i82W0GSIZiTvGT1BPIxxg+1Zdy6xwlmZ1Hqi5IHr7fWtIxSRnKTvodv8NPEFno4uLSW1vZ7q+u4wghwynI25OehyTk9+OmK9l04ctz0OPrXnHw48HtpqC/1a2gkuw6yWcnms8kYKnkn7p6gjj+lel2EZjQlhgk1hOzldG8bqFmWaCQBknAoqpdy4UgHj+taU6bnJJHPXrKlFye/Qju5hk4P0rmNbujvIz8o5OO/NXNRvQAVzluRiuav7lpHKFgemT6+30r7DK8C4tNo8BuVSV3uyK5AMhKvvzzTFHc9aaDg8nin19FqlYcrpWY6PG9dwyM85q820IcgbQOnbFZ9OLsVCliQOgrKcHJrUzHQSeW5JHynqBVhbiMsByM9z0qnRRKmpPUDRpjTRqcFufbmqRJ4yScUlQqK7gWZbjnEf5kU+0bMeO4PPqap1PayIu4McE9+1OcEo2SAtUUAgj1BormAKKKKACiiigAqrqMMjIlxbjNzAd8Yzjfx8yfRh+oHpVqik0mtQTs7kdtNHc28dxC26NxuUkYP09jnj8DUlUlzZ6jsJxb3bEp6JNjkewbGfqD61doi215ob02CiiimIKKKKACiig8AkkAAEkk4AHr7UAFWNMsb3U75bHTrZrm4IyVU4VF/vM38I/n2zWx4S8Jal4hZZyHstNzzcsuHlHpEp7f7Z49M16HpEFtZ2zaV4UtYo4lYie9cFkDdznrK/wCOB3PGK8nGZpGleNPWXfov83/XkdlDCOdnLRfizg/Gfwk8L6z4MvvD/iEy6nq+owEWxh4a2cfdeFeigHGWbrjB64qj+zv+zp4a+GMMWsan5WteKCMm7dP3drnqIVPT03nk89AcV7LpunW9gHdS8s8pzNPId0kh9z6egGAOwq92r5yc5Tk5Sd2z04xUVZCjiiiipGFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQBFcwQXNu9vcRJLE42ujrlSPQisaS3vdJVhCkmpabjDW7HdLEP9kn76/7J59Celb1FAHC3GhRyQG/8Lyxz2pJ3WTNtCnuIyf9W3X5G4/3azIJklMigMskR2yRyKVeNvRl7H36ema7m/0oSXBvbCY2d7xmRV3JJjtIv8Q9+COxFZGowWeqTx2+rQvpmrAFYLiJvvj0Rzw49UYZ9uhqJQT1GnZmFRXA2PxW8Ij4hal4B1HW7KPWbCbyRMPktrpuMqjN91xnBQnGQdpPQd90JyCCOoPBFYNNPU2TT2GynCH34qheOsYVnICrlyT0AHf9KvTj5R9a4P4q6v8AYPDk0EbETXpNtGQwBC4y7fkCP+BCps27GkXZNvoeO3Evn3M0+4sJJXcMepBYnP6g1HRx6Y9vSiuw5NwoopQVyC77EyNzYzgZ5PuepxQAlFaeo6NcwaibWxS51CJkjkgmhtnAlR1BVsdjyRj2NULiGa2OLiCaA+ksTJ/Me1JNPYbi1uiOtzw94RvvEM8EEhezsZ0aSSbaCzxA4+Uf7R+XJ9Gx0NYsUMtzmO3jaVijPhCM7QMk++ACfwPXFe/+E9PZbYTyReU8ioTH/wA8o1UCOP8AADJ92NRUm0rLdmlOKer2RzVp8MtFQjzZNSuBngGUIMY6fKOlXLn4ceH3tjFFZTwSYAEsdwxcHHX5sg/TFdzLKseM1G93Ei5J/WojTqy2u7kyxFGDadlY+ePFehXXh7UmtrvmJiTBMRhZV/o3qv8APIqbwhpeq3et6fdWdhdSRRXKSNMEKoqhhk7jx6171JLZ3GBNFFKCQcMoYfXnvUoFsSGCk46dcCtZRqpWcTKOIoN35vkV9UTFgoPULXFshWcsWyeRg/Wuq1+9VItvrxjvXJXdwFckKAWycdhX1GS0pwo2tueTiZqpVco7Mje8lgdthwM464qrLdPM+XPf9ajncseevWoq+np0YpXa1LpUk46rU1rZw8W3OSBg/SnwwBT8ikk8Z6mqNhIFfDHhuK7bQbaK4txJkHHGD1FeVmFdYROT2MPZSc+Ras5ogqcEHI7Gkrf13T2Pzwpkj071gkEEqRgjgg9qzw+IjXgpRIlFxbTWqEooorcQUUUUAFX9JRSxJ655qhWpogA3MfX/AArDEO1NgbluOBx0FWATj61DDyTSytgbc896+YqJynYqEuWNxJXAGM/U1k6qT5TMDxz/ACqxPMq/Mx47Cs69uleNlDL04AOTmvTwlBxaaROrd2ZlFFFe2AUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAFHXhv0uSDvNJHD9dzrx+hq+xG446ZNUNT+a70yH+9dGQj2RGb/CrwqFrJ/Jfr+pT2t/X9aBWv4dnKzFS2MdKyKkglaGQOvXvU16SqwcH1J1R3qSqQMnmpO2a5U6sFgGG+bj3qez1lncDdx37Yr5WplFVJyj0PTp5g1pJX9Do8cHj3P0oAOcAZNcx4lS21bTDHNfS2Elu/wBpt72GQI9pIoP70E8EAEghvlKkg9awdB1C78Z3Npba/NHZ2lvGl1HawK8a64A3y3absMLVSAfK67mG/wCTZngqYWpTtzHZSxcKidrq3c9FopHkABYtk9fc02KVXJA4PpWHK7Xtoa+0gpKN9WPooopGgEAjBGRVd1Ktjt2qxTJlyue4pDRDRRRSKCiiigCG5jLKGAyR+tVehweDWhTXRX+8uffvSauUpWKNFWGtucq3HoahZHU4Kn+dTZlJpjaKDkdRiigYUUUUAFFFFABUKWtqkiyJbQK6AhWWNQVBPIHpmpqKLgAOARnAop0SF22rx3JpzwyKfu5HqOaLBoZVoDFr2oRdBNFDcD6gGNv/AEEVo1n3oMWuadPggSrLbHjrlRIo/wDHG/OtDpTYIKKKZPLFBDJPPIscUal3djgKoHJPpSA8Z+JMPk+NdRG4t5pSXk5I3IOP0rnK6Dxt4hg8QXLPBpkFu0cmI7vcTLIgBADjoR39q5+u6F+VJo4Z25m0x0UcsriOGKSaRshY40LMxweAB1PFeu/C7wlc6VJNf3k8ZluIVCJEWwiHDc5xk8jtxg+privhXPPD4whiihikWeN1kcoS0ahSSVPbkDP4V7taIqwqwHLAEn1rKpJ3t0NKaSXN1HQwpGAAMdAT3NeDfELR/EEHiC81PU7CQJe3LGKSMiRSM4Rfl6HAHH8698rP8Q2Meo6VPaSSzwiVChkhco6+4PY8VEZcruimuY+ajDJJAbpbcyRRSKpkOAELA8c9TgE49j0xXT+GvBEviDTbLUvtZ8hr5450DhcQADJXHVs5GD6102r/AA/xokWk6W0Uok1AXEs1zgOkYQgKuB8xGTx7/l3GmWNvY2UFhZR7IIUEcYAGcADn36ZJ+tVOrpoEaNn7xNoGnW9jaQWdpF5dtbpsjUsWwPTJ69a2qjgjEaAYxxgfSnO6ouWOKiKbemrYTkkrt2SCV1RCScVzOr6qkRZEOSOpzwKd4i1MKhjV8E8E+lcdeTmSQ4PHbNfW5PlLa56nXoeHiKrxM0orRf1cfd30krk5IBqoSWPuaSnxrk5/Kvr4wjTXuqxooxgrokpy9PpTRycU4cDFZy2OWo1awtFFFQYhRRRQAUUUUAFFFKis7BVGTS21YEts0m4KvI756CrdNiQRoFH4n1NOrknJN6IAoooqACiiigAooooAjuoI7q2e3lJCuMZHBU54YehBAIPtUenzvNE8c4AuYW8uYDgE4+8P9lhhh9T6VYqlqINtKuooMhF2XIAyWiz97HcrnP0z7VMtHf7/AE/4H+ZS10LtFAOQCCCOoIOQff6UVRIUUcDJPAxk54AHr7fWtvwt4X1TxEyyW4+y2H8V5KnDD/pmv8f1+7/vdKyrV4UY803Zfn6Fwpym7LUx4Ipri5jtbWCW4uJc+XDEu539T7D3PH0rvtC8F2OlQpqXiuWKWQEeVZJl4w3ZSMZlf2xj0B61u6JY6donm6d4asxd3xIW5u5WJVWA6yP3P+wv/juc1uafpSW8/wBsupWvL0rgzuMbR/dReiD2H4k183jMznXvGOkfxfqenRwsYavVlVbW+1cA6grWdgeBaK2JJRj/AJaEHgf7I/EnpWzDHHDEkUSLHGgCqqjAAHYe1SUV5p1BRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFV720t7yBoLqFJo26qw4+vsfcVYooA+L/2g/2SrtZrrxJ8M5XuQ7NLPo9xJufJOSYZGPzd/lbn0JzivM/hX8evF/w8vv8AhGvGtneanp1q/lSQXOUvLTHZS3UD+634EV+jZxj1rzT40fBXwT8UrAjWrL7NqiJiDU7ZQtxH6Ano6/7LfgRSaTWoXtsYPhDxl4a8Z6C+r+HNXhu7dFLTAHbJAcZxIh5U/wCea8T8X64/iPVzespFvH8trGRyiZ6/U5yfrjtXlHxS+D/xN+CepS6paT3M+kMDENW04sIyjfwTL/DnOMNkH3qPwf8AE6yvQlprypZ3HQXCj9059/7p/T6VMYJO5bm2rHolFXdK0rUtVeNdOsZ7kSIJFZEIQoejbjxg+tadl4L8TXUxj/st7YKcGS5cIo/x/Cm5JbsSi3sc/XbfCbwvaa/dy6neMZIrG4URxDBVpAN2W45HI49jmt/wr8NreFzPrLQ6g2PlhCsIlOep7t06dK9FsbS30+08mGOKFc52xoFUfgKzlPm91F8qguaT2JVEMYEQ4GMY6Cmy2cUnDElT2J3D9azLm6CTg7uM/wCTU0+qRWtpJcSsRHGu4gck+w9zkAD3FdNTL5qKkle5wU8yu2p6LpY4/UfBlq/xEtbmxt4vs4hM17GPlVGz+72gcZfncvoo9a7i5l+yQhVOTjJJ6n3qPQkkjtGkuyv2u4czXBHQOcfL9FACj6H1qrrchbAzwTj8KWEw7nWUZbIvFYleyTg9W+hXutQeUYQbfUnrWRd3cjPhZCR3PXJqS83CE7fXn1xWXLOI3C4ye/tX12EwsUvdR47bbu9zTsrpwwQsc9ie/tWzDchbbe7YGMn0rkjdRKM7jn0702bUmaMoNxHue/8AWtKuXus1ZWVxqEpbJl3Vr8SSEg5A6D+tYsspZiScmmPIWNCqW7/4169DDxoxSOiFJQ1mNOSc9TTlTIycgmnpGBzT9o571rKotkVKsloivyrHBrofDOuCylEc4zGSOa59xg+1N5B4NZ4nDU8TT5KiumbKCmuZOzWzNe01TWNP+KUemz6pcX2k6krTRrOwYKuxjhf7u1lK/T1rofEmnus/nwJlSBkD+def67DfwrZeLLWNpxpB/wBIQHkRBi276csCfcV6/aSLc6fDKqna8asAwwRkDj2618BKUssxcox1S09V/nsbSp/WKN3pJPc4M5BweDRWxq+lzJJJcRjKE5I6YrHr6mjWhWipQ1/Q8hpp6hRRRWogq9psoQYX7wOcHvVGrGnpvu1GcY5rOsk4O4I6RG2RBicYFRSzlUJbj+ZplxMFjAPXsPX3rHuboklUbJ7mvJo4Zzd33El1YX1yXJRTn1PoPSqdFFexCCgrIYUUUVQBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAUpRv163HaG1lc/8CZV/oau1RtSX1q+btHHDEPrhnP/AKEKvVMdbvzf4afoOXRf13CiiiqEFORmVgynBHem0Ub6MCvqljaatAttqQknthIsjwByEmKnhZB/EmcEr0OBnjrtPp9prUVq115yy2kwuLWaKQpLBIMcq3bIBUjoVOCDxjNrc0jEdvktg8ZH4Vw42nFwemrHzNLR7Glc36RttI564HaltLgmXeDweeOlc28zS35bfxkgc8YroLEptU444/lXm18JCjTtu2tR88rp31TNlGDAEUtMjXHfjA4p9fNSsm7bH0dNtxTktQoIyp9xRRSLK1FPmUB+Oh5plSWFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAIQCMMMj3qMwRk8Aj6GpaKB3a2K724PKNg+hquwKkgjBFaFRyxiQehHQ0mhqXcp0U8xSKfuE/TmlSCRuo2j3pWZd0R0VK9u6gbfmz1xSxQPvG4YGcn1osxXLCKq8hQCQAcU6iiqMzN8RsYtNW7AybO4iuP+Aq43f8AjrNWhLEpJVhkqSMjrUd9brd2NxaNyJoWjP4qR/Wq2mXZuNEs7onMksCE+u4AA/qDT6Ar30FlXY5XOcV5h8VfETTXDeH7VisURBu2H8bYBCfQAgn3I9DXZ+KfEun+HooTeCWaWYny4YQCxUdW56DnFeP+J7y01HX7u/sY544bhxIVmADByBu6ds9P/wBVVRjd3toKtKysnqZtWtM0691K7itbKCR5JpBGreWdgOeST0AHOfpS6LZDVNYt9LS7gt5ZyQhmJxnB4465xj/9Vev+FtL1Dw74egsI44r6Zrpnm2TmNAjHlhu6kAD5eM81tUnyq3Uxp0+Z3exJ4R8K2GgRAxAT3rpsluSCC4znAGflHTj2rtYRiJQOgFZtoMzD2Fag4GBXOm22zeVloFUtenubfR7qeys3vblIyYoFIBduw9hzk+wNXaQgMCCMimQcRL4XfU9T0vUtSvpZLuxiUOlvmOF5AclvUDPbuAPcHr7a2MbF3OTUyRIhO0ck5pzuq9TQk27bjlNJX2QkrhEJNc34i1RoU2p1I6+grU1W7jjt2JOAB09a4XV7zzjt64NfSZJl/tJKc1ezPFxVZ1Z8kXoUrm5klclmzzmoeSfU0AFjUiJz6n1NfcrlgrJB7tNWEVMcmpAufYU4ISMhSR64p6wyN0Ugep4rGVRdzmnVb2IwMUtWEtf77Y9hUohi24259+9YOtFPuY7lKirgtUwT85A6ntQ1vGegI+ho9tG4FOpYIhKTk4A9Kle2Xb8hII9TwagVpIWI6HuCODT5uZPleoBLGY325zkZBplPaTzHBk4A4OPSnTIgAZHBB7dxVJtWT3Aiqey4dh6j+tQVJbuEkBPQ8GiavFgXaKZ5sWcbx/SlV1YnawJFcfK1qA6iiikAUUUUAFFFFABRRUdzPBa28lzczRwQRAtJJI4VEHqSego21YFaw/0SZtPPEajfbE/8888pn1Un8iPStG0guLy7SzsreW6un+7DGMt9T/dHueK8H+JPx30m0u4rLwtB/aDwTq8l8xKoAD8yxjvkZXJ45719gfDfVdI1fwhp+oeBtNMdrqECTNdXSMoUkchyfmkccjjjjqK8fE5pCleNLV9+n/Bt5HbSwkp2c9Pz/wCAU9D8F6fpcUeo+LJ4ppSR5VkmWjDf3cdZW9unsetdeltf6qmLkPpunYAW2RsSyD0cj7g/2V59x0q3pmkxWs32u4lkvL5hhriX7w9lHRF9h+Oa4LVfijo/iL4b+OtU+H2rxXOqeHLS6UloT+7njiZlO1sbhkEA9CQfSvAq1Z1Zc03dnoQhGCtHQ6nxv4n8OfDjwVc6/rLfY9JsQoIhiLHLMFVVUdSSQPxroLC5jvLKC7hJMc0ayJn0YAj+dfD2nfEzXvGv7NvjHwP48mmm18aUut6XdT4DX1oJhIxz0JQqeB/CD/dNfX3whvhqfwt8LX+c+fpFsxPqfKX/AArMs6qiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAhuYIrmCSC4iSWKRSjo6hlZSMEEHgj2r5g+Of7JOg+IWuNZ+H0kOg6m2Xaxcf6JMf9nvEfplfYV9S0UAfmRo3in4pfArxCdA1qyuobZG3Ppl+C1vKM/eiYcAdfmQkfWvpz4SfFzwR8QEjtre5GmayQM6bduAzHH/ACzbpIPbr7V71468G+GvG+ivo/ifR7XU7RvurMnzRn+8jdUb3Br4z+Nf7JHiDw/JLrfw2nm1mxQmT+z3YC8hxz8h6SY/BunB61EqafqXGpJaH1GxWJSMYxxjpWZf3GVY5xgGvj/4d/tBeMvB9wNB8aWt1q9pbkROtzlL22x23N976P8AmK+ifCfjvwz41sftWgapFcAAGSB/kmj/AN5Dzj3GR9a7sBh4uWr1POx06kna3u/1uar3JFyVccHjJ659fpTYm+2aqttuzb2hWaQZyGl/gX/gIJcj3WqmsXMUEDXKZlfgLGP42PCr9SSB+dR6YsllZiEuHlZjJNJj77n7x/z2A9K+jlRU1aKtpqefsrnXNdJDEXduAMnvWJqWrRzghH28nkkfnWVqWpzODCWyB1rJZiTnNdGDymK9+W/Q3o4aVRdkbH9oBSy7yQepPINZ9zOJHJUYqtzRivXp4eEHdbnXDBxTvJisxPU0lGKUV0HVzQgrIfEu489BWglqgHLEn24qjB96tK2cvFluoOM+tceJlJWs9DycRJuVugxrVSPlYg+/Sq8qNG21vqCOhq/UdzHvjPGSORXPCo7pN6HOZ7jrkZB6VB0q0ehFQSjv371305dDqozvozf8NPaNFJZ3kcc1vcKVlikGVceh9a7e2MaIFVsjsK8rtpjDJuHTuK6zS9YVolDPyOOa+YzrKXVn7WO73NI1p4ZtLVPUvavrbWXii10nUIoItP1CHba3Rcgi4BP7p+w3DG36GsnWLI2dztAO1uRnsfSuguY9P1ax+y6hbRXULFW2yDOGBBB9iCAc1Lrdot5ASBluTn+teJl9eeErck9IvR/5mmJ5K8PaQ3W662/4BxlFPmieGQxyDDCmV9ammro80Klt5fKk3YJ4IGPWoqsTwLFEpByc8n1qZNaRfUENnnklJySB6ZqGiinGKSskAUUUUwCiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKD0opQQGDHopyfoP/1UAUdJAZ7+fqJLx8H1ChUH/oNXao+Hg39iWrt96VDKfqzFv61eqKfwp99fv1HLdhRRRViCiiigAq690qxYQncwxgcAVSoqJQUt+gAODkdRzXQaZIWAHsD+Fc/V/S5WDgZ5B4rHFU+eD8g3Vjr7RmKYY5xip6oWMwwSfTmrM84SJZF5BODXxOJpuE27aHuYKopwUb6omoppZjgrgqe9Q2d7ZXpuPsl1DObaZoJwjAmKVQMo3oeQce4rA7LEswyme4qHvinQXtncXl1ZQXUUtzaFRcxKwLRFl3KG9CRzj/GnvHk5Xg+lIpPoZtjqum36u9jfQXSRuY3eFw6q39046GrgIIyDkHuKqWGlafYK0dlZwW0bNuMcSBVJ9fc1ZeSNOCwGOwpFbj6KQHIB7dacFbsp/KgQlFBBHUEUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRUU0wjwAMse3pQPckLBBvzgLzXnHiHxhH4fiutLtkSfUIruURxsTsijY71ZsdT83C+1b/j3WJ9K8M3d5BIEuDtjhPB2szAZ9yBk/hXgoZv7WuCzMzTxrKSzEksCVJPv05rSnBS1exFSThotzQ1K+u9SvZL2+naeeT7ztgcDoAOwHpUNu9tHdQNeLKbbzVEoiALFM8genTr70wkDqQPTPeum8NeB7rxFZPPcstvZuHjUurCQMAMSKvRgCCuD6nrgVvJqK10MIpyemrPQvA0Xh640xdR0bSEtE810R5FDSkAgE7jkgH0z/OurskDOSR0wBVKyt0tbSC1hXEcMaxoPZVAA/StW2TYFHfqa493c7HorErx45XJx+dFtK8mdyFcdz3qWj6VVjK+hX1Gea2tGlt7Ka9kBUCGJlViCwBOWIAxkn8PpVk4yRnIB4Pr70nWop5dnA61cYuTsjOpUjTjzS2JCQBycCs7Vb+GCM7m5xx70y8vFjiZmboM81x2u6h58uVbtg/4V7mWZVKtO8tkeVXxbre5BaMbq+qyTuUB49ugrIOXPqaeFLfMx61IiY/wr7mnThQjyxRinGkvMRF4Hp61NBH5jbc4AGc0+SJY1Vi2cjgD/AD0pqylM7FUZ6k8ms5TcldHPKTlqXUG1QB0AxRVNbiQEkndnsaGuJCQQcD0Fc/sZNknQW9lDNbA5+YjqOxpq2ogJV8Nkd8His20vjFhlfae4PSpJ9RLEnzACfTk1xOhWUrbpgjQUKoCqAAO1MQQ7zCFGTgkHpWT9qQkkls+vekF2ocEBh/td6v6rPux3Na9s4oVJU54yMHisu4QPH7jkVM94ZECtKCPSq806hSEOT0yOgrShTqRspO7EVKKKK9AAooooAKASpBBwR3oq4Yo1hOQOBnPeolJR0fUBbd2eMFhznGfWpKjtt3kgEY9PcVJXLPSTAKKKKkApRknAGT6Vzfjfxx4a8G2vna5qCRykZjtY8PPJ9F7D3OBXz14z+L3jLxzfLoXhWzurG3uW8uO2sg0l1cZ4ALLz+C4/GuPE46lh1Zu77Lf59jelh51Ndl3PZ/iR8W/C/g4SWomGq6quR9kt3BCH/po/RfoMn6V4b9q+KHx18RDSNJsbi8iVtwtLYbLW3GeGkYnA/wB5j9PSvX/gj+yFqmpmHWfiXcvp1qcOulW7g3Eg9JH6R/QZbrnFfY3g/wALeHvCOixaP4b0m00yyi6RQRhcn+8x6s3ucmvncVmFWvpsuy/XuelSw8Ke2r7ngXwL/ZQ8MeE2g1jxu0PiPWFwy25T/Q4G/wB0/wCtPu3Hsa9S+Knxg8C/DCey0/xBdXH2u4iMkdpZW5lkSEHBkIHCpwRn2OM4NcR+0z8aNR+GfjnwNpdoYl0++uTNq5KbnNsHVML/AHerHP8AsisnU7q20X9t2IaxHBcab4t8MCzspJAGRiCMoO3zeWRj/bHrXEbmZ8UtW8UeNNbk8SeCpfGmr6Xe6XA3g+68NzmO0gvA7Cb7aOMEMFB8wY2gjrmqHx28P6r8JvF3/C0rG3M2i+JLFtM8Y2lqPkE0sZXz1HbLHdn+8D/fNdL+ypbT+C/il8TfhZl203TL6PUNPDHPlxzcgfipj/I+te/eJdF03xHoF9oWsWqXVhfQtBcRN0ZGH6HuD2IFAHx34c+GE/xX/ZD8M33h9ceKtCN1BZlXEZuITKwkgLHoCGyM8Zz0DGvqP4J+HtV8J/Cjw34b1toG1DT7FLeYwsWQEZwAT1wMD8K0/APhDQfA3hi28OeG7IWen2+SqbyxZjyzMT1YnkmugoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooA53xv408K+CbGG+8V67Z6TbzyeVC9w+N7YzgdzxzWJ4K+Lvw98a+I5PD/hfxBFqt7HAbhxDC5QICATvIxnkcZrz/8Aao8ew250/wCHPhfR7HX/AB1rJ8uzhlt0n+wI45mO4EKcAkZ9Cx4HOH5nhP8AZO+D8O6JNY8Xauctg7WvJwOeeqwx5x6nI7twAepfF34MeBPidaMPEGlLHqAXEWo2uI7mPjj5v4x7NkfSvi74q/s6/En4W37a74dluNa0y3YvHfacGS4gGeDJGDlenUZX3r2nwH8Xfi7dx6B4umvvD3irQ9U1WKw1PSdItH8/SBJjBdv4WGf4sjjGecj6judR06C8is7i+tYrqX/VRPMqu/0GcmhNpgfIX7PFt8SvH3ghvFGqwW13a2Vw0NoSvlT3bAYd/wC623JUdMkt3FddPeTQSyW00DwXEfEkciFHQ+6npX0A2hJas02hyDTZGYs8aIDBKT1LR8AE88rg5POax/EVppOrxLa+L9IS2deIr1GygPqsowU5/hbHbrXsYLN5UXy1Y8y/H7+vzOeWFpyd7WPCiSxJzk0Cu48TfDTVtOVrnRpP7WtMZCDC3AH/AKC/Hpj6Vw5yJXicMkqHEkbqVdD6FTyK+xwmPoYpXpu/ls18v6RVRtKy0QUUUV2GAUUUUASx4AFaNoQYQB2JrMjPOPWrtnKFJVjgHHPvXJiItrQ468WncusuADkEH06im0UVwIwKd0uJTjvzVdx7ZzV28UFA/Q5x9aqN0+tdtGV1cuF1JWK1Pido3DKcGkdcH2pveuzRo9KPLOLi9jf0zUXUDaTgdR6V1dhehlxvGcd688tJTHKCeh4Irds7ry8MzEjgg9cV89mWXxnsjgnGVGejt2NfxBZmXE0YywGDjvWAQQSCMHvXV2NxDNCQ65bH41h6zbeVOZEX5TyfauPA1nF+xmttn3Mn3vuZ9WJ5w8Cr/F39qr0V6bim030EFFFFMAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAqrq8ph0m8lHVYHx+Kkf1q1VHXRvsFgHW4uIofzcZ/QGpnpFtdhx3RatohBbRQAYEcap+Sj/CpKUncxPqSf1pKrbRCCiiigAooooAKKKKACnwyGOQOOR0I9RTKKTSa1A24NQRYT82DjH/6619LvYZbRQ5BNcbVi1uWgz1I7Y7V5uKy2FWDS3vc0pVZUpc0dzulePaMEAVwfiprm58WyDwNLFF4kS2CanM7qtr5GD5aTE8G57w9153/JW5b6nGYFy2DjmqsMttbSuLOGGHzZWmkEahd7tjc59WOBkn0HpXixyqSk79Ds/tCbWyLvgFtB/wCEfEXh9biOGKaRbmO7z9rS5z+8+0Z5M2epPXjHy4roKx9OltY7me6WCJJ7gIJpQgDSbRhdx77QcDP+FaaXEbDINedWw1SnJqzsd1LGU5pXdn2Y6SPdyOD/ADrLFtqD6rced9lWy2r5IjDeaWx827+ED0x/StZWVgCpyKUnHeudrWzR1RnpdPQhSEjGTgCpqZ5iZ608HPSnytboSmpPR3CkKq3Uc+tLSOpZGUMylgRlcAjjqPfvSGMMQPQ4+tMaNlGeo9q5AeI9b0a5i8Lahapq3iO5DDRZARFFqkaj5pJe0LRjmQd+Cmd2B1Oh299a6VBDqWonUbwAtNc+UI1diScKo+6gzgA84Azzmhxsg5iSipjGh6cfSo3Rl5PI9aRV0xtFFFIYUjHaCx6AZNL0rn/GfiCPQtEmuwqSScRwxscCRz2+nUn2Bo3dkPzYeK/E+l6HbobyRy78xwxrukfrzjsv+0a4sfE5Gu0/4ksgts4cm4Bkx6gdM+2a8+1O9utQu5r68lM9xKcsx4yew9h0wO351oeKtFOhavFpouJLqV4I5OISpLtn5VAzu6YzW6pxXxbmLqSe2x1XjvxXoer20WmpHPcQMqzpcwOoeKQEjaY3xk8nOT346VyPhnQJNb8Q2JImj0/zGikn2gEqykqoPI3EpjIzitNvCsdi9j/wkeqJpy3kMrCNATLGVUFR02k8gY98da9CjvNPuvBsd1pEcsdrp7xvDG8DRFfKZSRtPTjP5mk5KCtHqUoubvLp0M7wN4dttP1zXWNizQQXUcdnLcoHbCocsrEe4H5elduiPI3GWPck5ppxk7TkdvpVrT2XJUnnOawbcndm1uVaEkVt5YBxlvX0qWIYkGeMVNSFQSCRyO9VaxnzN7i0E4HPFBwBk9KqXU+FOOAK1p03UlZHNXrxpRu9+xJNcogOOax9Vv8Ay4iynJJwBVXUdURBhSD9TwK53Ub9pAQHzk9ugr6bL8pbak0eNVrzrvXbsSajqbyIUJyeRx0/+vWOOTQxJOTTox39K+vpUY0Y2ibQgqcW3uSIBn6U+mA4PFKGHcc+1TJNu5zTi2x2f0oppb2pCx+n0pcrJVNvcfRTMn1NOB4GaGrClBpC0UhIHWlpWJs9wooooAKKKKACiipIoWkUkEAA45pNpLUCOgDPSrMAiTcrMu7POelShIiQ4UDByCOBWbqpO1gKJ4PIxinF3KBCTt9KtvLErAkgnpkDNQ3TRuAUYFvYUKbbSaAtAYAHoKKwdd1/TPD9g13rGp29jbjODMwBPso6sfpXiHjz4+zEyWng22aLPH265QFj7pH0H/As/SuHE16WGT55a9EtW/l0+ehrTozqPTbv0PePFHiPQ/DGnm+13UoLGHBKhzl5PZVHLfhXgPxC+PuqahI2neC7Z7CJjt+1yqGuH/3V5CfqfpUfw4+BXxV+L2oJrmqm5sNPnIY6pqpbLr1/dJ95vbGF96+xvg1+z78P/hqsV5a2H9ra2oG7Ur5Q7qf+ma/dj/Dn3NfO4nNatS6h7q/H7/8AI9ClhIw1lq/wPk74Sfsy/EL4i3a654snn0DTLhvMknvVL3dwP9mM8jPq2B9a+0vhR8JPA/w0sBB4Z0hEuWXE19PiS5l+r9h/srge1d4AB0pSa8q92dZDdTw2trLczusUMSF3c9FUAkk+2Aa+Uvgj8W9Y139pvULrUlvbfwz4xgkj8PC4LKjrakqjIDwN22TP+0a+sXVXUoyhlYYII4NeAftWeBdQj8L+EvE3w/0Vm1fwhqkD2NpYwcmFmUbFVewYJx6E0AeaftRXo1v46674VTw1qXiDUrjwimnaVbWkYPlXEkyzeeT2Vdo575I961/g74H1D43/AAOtJvFvia4t9e0LVGh0e+trbZcaWYVRPLY8eYDtVuoOcc5FfUunW1tI66u+mR2l/c28azMUXzgAMiNmHXaSeM461YsrS1soPIs7aG2i3FtkSBFySSTgdySTn3oA4D4N/C6LwFNrGrajr954k8Sa1Ij6jqt0gRpAgwiKoJ2qPqe3oBXo9FFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFIxwpOQOOpoAWivIfhn8cNH8SeKoPBurR2dtr8ysbeTTL1L+wuwqliY5k+6cKTtcKePz9eoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAxI/CnhyPxdJ4tj0WxTXZLf7M98IgJXj4+Unv0Az1wAOgrwf486bq2hftCaB8SNT8F6t4x8OWWkNbW1vp0AnezuwzEO0Z453DDHvjuoFfSdBANAHxoviXx78PLXxZ8TNS0BtN8X/ABE1CKx8P6EyZeEKCBLIndgCowcEscnANZHxh+Heg+A/hiLvxpeXnif4veJp4vsUgu3aWCbeCfLCnlVzt3HqSAuB0+nfjX8M1+INno9zY61NoWu6FeC90zUI4hJ5UnGdyH7wOB+IHuDgfDX4Hw6N43k8f+OPEdz4y8WEBYLu5iEcVoOn7qPkA9cHtk4AJzQBiar8XfFXhC1n0ubQLTVj4P0iwn8U3V1qAgnd5owSIEwfMIAJJJGTx1r3CLUdPuWt7driETXUHnR28jASPHxk7TzjkA/WvNvj9a/Crw/pZ+Inj7QNPvrvTVVLRnX97O4JaOIDID8jIDZAwT2r5h8IzaZ8TPiPqeu/F3xbrfgfxTfLG3hghXtobaI8oY5GwCOQMEjdknJJ4APtptFezJk0S5+xg8m3Yb7c89l/g/4DgexrG8SWGi6yog8WaULG5GEivkb5c84CzD7vP8L4+hrB+DVv8XdK1W70bx3f6Nr+iQQB9P1y3fZcTknhXjHHTJLfTBbnHp8iJJGySKHVgQykZBHoacZOLunr5AeJ+JfhprOnhrjR5F1e1xkIMJOB/wCgv+GD7GuIdWjneCWN4poziSKRCrofQg8g19Ftoj2hMui3bWJOSYCN9ux/3P4f+AkfSsjxDa6TqiLb+L9FWB1+WO9jJZB/uyjDJyejY/GvewfEFal7tVcy+5/5GUqSe2h4VRXf6/8ADHUIY/tfh29j1S2IysMrqsuP9l/uv+OPrXCXcM9ndG0vbea0uRyYZ0KPj156j6V9Rhcxw+KXuS17PR/d1+Ri4NbjFPIqYHHtUaLkZNPyPWuqWrOepZvQswTlBhuR6dxU4uIycEke5FZ4ORxzT1ORjuK5p0Yt3OacLaosXUgchVOQOSfWq5GRj8ac6MpGRgkAipJYGjUNnIPX2ojaKSTITs7leonXB9qmK+nNNYZBBreMtdDphNXuiHng1esJf+WZOc9PY1SPB56ilRyjBlPIqqkFOLRvVj7WKVtUdhYPkrsORgA+3FaTxLLDhuSR1NcppmobSQ3DZ7cV1FlOssYIYHPP0r5XHUJ0pXtsedNNPzRzky7JXT+6cUyuim0uK4dnAIY8kj1rIewmExjAzjqTXVRxdOot9VuC1VypRTpEMblCQfpTa6k01dAFFFFABRRTowpcB22r3ND0VwG0UpABODkdj60cYHXPf0ouA+CJ5pAiDJ/QVv2OiRiMGcFyfyrJ028Fs3zLkeoHNbcetWrIBu2npg8V5WPlitFSWndF0+W/v3t5CT6LakZAKn2NVJdEAB2Oc/nWnHfQSjIkB/Gmy3Cj+LA9jXDTr4uL5W38wny7owpdKuVztAcflVSa3mibDxsPfHFddbMGHXipbi0V0JGDx6Vt/a0qcuWohwoynFyir2OHqjqI33+mxdQJ3mP0SNv6sK6PV9PMRMsY47j+tc4/z+II1zkQ2bt+LyAfyjNetGrGrC8Xu1+ZMd/vLw4FFFFbkhRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFKp2sGHGDmkooA0IriNzj7pHr3rQS7UYK5wep7Vz9PikaM5Q/gelctTCxktA3OugugkQ+bBqKS/BcjePzrGgd3iG4EZ6AE1ZghJbLqQB2PevMeDpRk5PcvnlypXdka0Mu9hyCK0xyAR0rCiba2Oxq7BOysBnIry8Xhm3ePQ6cHilSbUldPqaFJJu2Ns278Hbu6Zxxn2pEdXGR1p1eW007M9uMlJJp3RzVl4RtG0e+t9auJNS1DUykl/fj91IZEJMZgI5hWLOYwvTknJY1s6JBqFtpkNvqt+moXcYKvcrF5ZlAJ2sy9A+MZxxnOMZ4uUUrt7jsFB5HPSigkAE9hQBFKgUAjj2qOsvX/EmjaTuW/1G3hlRQ/klsyEHoQo5Oa841n4m6hLcMNLsoIoBwrXOWc++1TgeuKFFvYq6S1Z6bqd5b20DTXNxFb26cySSOFUfjXj/AI21+TxJYTXEEdnHZaZPkgsxn2MSglz93YxwMdRx0zWlbaivjPxFpkb2UMkAtmTUYZixSI7j80R/hcjGCOfXpW74a8EW2lf2g084vWuUeFI5AfL8okEBx/E3Ayfypq0HruDvNWWxx3wy0iHUddjnvrW4a2ijaWEmImGR1YAgnocZzjuR7V6vYzfbLSC6ls5baQjcI7hAJIzz9cHv+NUvCNjd6b4dtLG/eFriMMXEIAQZYnaPUDI5rYiAMijGRnmpnLmZcI8qMTxD4RsvEN3bz6h5pjhhkjESPszuIO7PYjB49/ate6szJaNaP9ySIwjJJwCu3GfyrTVSx4FSSQh0IAwfX3patWvsLmSd+5zmgzNcaJZSucuYVV/95RtP6g1oR5EileueKr6FZFJdRtCwCwXrlQB/BIBIP/Qj+VayQwQHJO5u2aFFt7BKrGCu2TxZ2fN07fSiSREHLAH0qtLdjnnArn9b1MQ52SDJ9DmvTwmXTry5djyq2YJO1PVm1f3qxoWLYUVzGoa6zIyIMdvesy51V5FwWZh7njNZjuzE+hr67AZNCkrzVzg5Z1Zc0yWe4klPJ4zmoTk9TmhQT0FSKoXnqa95KMFZI392CshqoMc9fSn49KUckCnAYrOUu5hOo+o0jviin00j06UlK5MZpuwlFFA4OaZfQAp+n1p/QYpAc96Wobb3MJSbEIzSjsKkgiEpOTgAVZiiWMkg5J7ntWUqijp1Ju7FeAxqx80cjpmo3KlztGBnj6VdlEZUtIoIA696o0QlzNsAq6II9gBXJx171SqeGcoMMCw7HuKKik0rMCOaPy3K5yOoPtSrNIowCAPp0pJ5PMfPQdADTP61STa95DswoycYzx6VJZW9xe3P2WwtZ7y46mKBC7D3P938a7nQ/hrctCLzxLqMenW6jLQwOC/0aQ/Kv0XP1rkxOYYfDL35a9lq/wDgfOxrToTqbff0ODjV5bhLaGOSa4c4SGJS7t9AOa7fw98N9Tu4/tOuXC6VagAmNSrTEe5+6n/j1dtoEGn2EBt/CGix7WGHvZQUjY+pc/PJ07ZHuK1U0JbmQTaxctqDDkRMNsC/SPv/AMCzXzmKzutV0pe6vvf39Pkd1PBwjrLV/geUfFP4SeFfH3gC68LeHdOjS8eaOaLWXBZYpFIBJkb5pAVLDavAz2xTvg9+zT8PfAJhv7q0/wCEi1mPkXl+gKI3rHFyq/U5PHUV7aqhFCqAABgAdqfxivFbbd2zs2ECgdBS0UUAFFFFABQRmiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKZIwSNmYhQASSegHrT65X4neJW8KeGV1lp7C3t0u4I7ma9WQxRwtIFkYmNSVwpOCflBxnAoA8H+AjWSfE+LU7XxXdaZFqMpQaXaeGm03TtWzA8kcqhpH+8gLqwCFhGeODn6ir5r+DHhYWvxF0/WJvAmuwafPI8un3Nl4lh1PRrYiJ1SRVGHUbGZEByF34GM5H0pQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAHjP7RvwWn+J82l6xpviObT9V0c77O2uoxNYOwbdl48dTgAtzwAMGsjw/c614+vT8M/jb8Kke5W3eWLVrSPfYyIoA3q4O6FjwBtP5dK99pMCgCnoum2Oj6RaaTplsltZWkSwQQp91EUYCjPPQVdoooAKayhhgjIIwQe9OooAxpdBhhkafSp5NNmJyRCMxOf9qM8flg+9Z2rxrc2ptPFOhQ31sP8Al4gj8xB77fvoeM8Z+tdVQRmi9gPDPiL4R0fRvCeoeLND12FdO0+B554Lp96bVBJVZB8yt0ADZ5I9a8a8I/Enwj4mCR2mpLa3bAf6Ld4jfPoD0b8DX1b4/wDAPhnxvoV7o+uWLGC9QJO9vK0LtggjJX72CAcNkcDivkf4ofsa65YGa98Aa1HqsAJZbK+IinHXhX+43brtr2MJneJoWUnzLs/89/zM3Ti9tDvo+CQRgn1qeH/WDPr/AFr5XXxF8VPhVqS6VrtrqNqqHi01SFmjYZ6ox7cdVOK9L8H/AB18N6kyQ67bTaPOeDIMywn8R8y/ka+goZ1hq6s/db6Pb79vyOOvQla61PbiATyoJHTNBAIIPI6GqeialZavp63unXttewN0lgkDqfy6H2q+sTtGXC5UVbklrc8/VOzKE8RjYYyVPQ/0qJo2xu2ke+ODWjQSMEnp3zW8azS2Gm09DJdM/UVGRirEuCxI6Z/SmHB6jNd0Z6anXTqNJESsQcjitzw/eHzdrtweD/jWTJGCAQMGo0LxOGBwRWdelGvBxe4S5aqutz1DTnUqcnk1BfQfvSY8HPpXI6drskQCM3HTmteDUXkcOHBzjI9q+QqZXWoVXO+jMpTapqnJap6Mq39jOspcISD1xVAqV+8pH1GK7O0kimxuKkHrmsXx5ftoOmxahHox1C183bdESBfJTHDe4J4z2yPWnHNvZPkqx+4KeHlUV42f5mLRV3Q5dC8SQtJo92UmRQZLaQbZE/DuPccVHfWU1m4WUDBOAR0r0sPjqNd2g9ez0ZE6U4P3lYrUUUV1mYUUUUAFFFFACjg8Ej6VKtzKowSG+oqGik4p7oDW0y9lUHJGAccelb9vdEqOev5Vy+nbSCpOORmtyBlQY6DjHevEx+HhJvTUqM5Qd46M0Jrfz4j8owa4aaxkh1vVJlXKRGGHI6jCFiP/AB+u8s5BIAnrwKxYYPtFnqFyvP2m+nYfQMEH4fLXn4LFToVlTltc7KlKMqXtYPXqc7RUk8LwyGNxgj9RUdfVpprTY4QooopgFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUoBZgoGSeBSVYsUL3AwMkDP40pS5U32AvRRuVAUEkADIpQ0iN95gR61dij2oEAyepxUV3Hld2MFeteV7ROVgvqEJmYhmI2kVYRipznjuKZabWRQemMVaESk8LmuerNJtNEvexNBKQQQevQ1fRtwzVCNNvJ61ZRwvfINeNiYKTvFano4Kq4aSehYoqITClMyhWd2CqoJJYgAADr7DvXG6cluj1FXg3oySszxLq9nomlS398ziGLAIRcs7E4Cj3PSrxuITCsySxujDKsrBlPvkdRWPq8VtqVpLYXsaS28wKtGxwWHr7Y65+lZ3SepvGLeqPC9UvL/xL4je5MXmXd7KFiiXHAxhUHsAP5mul074a6pLhr/ULS1XusSmVv6D9a7zw94T0bSJTPp9liU5BmlcyOAcZAJ6Dj+frXSlF2bdoxjFaSqt6R0RKppay1ZyGl+D9EsrWyia3a6ls5muIp5WIcSEjLfLwPujjnp3rUu767ttRsoYdGub6Cdyss0LqBAcjlgeo5P5Vqi0fPJ465A5qZbOEcyEk/WstW9dTRuKW9hDAjyZxkk/gfepChQgYwPagzRRn5R07nrUb3yDJyAK3jhqktUjjljaUXZyuWiUQYyAKaZ4wM7s1z2p6oAxCNk+1UG1UhcbiT2zgV6tHJpzipN7nDPMZN+6lbzNOfUYbTxDP82FubRH+rRuVP6SD8qq3mtLvyp49ScCuS12+ddSsJ92cTNC+TxiRTx+YFRyyvIdzE5r38DksI6yW3+SOeXtK7Tlt+H3GnfatLIWUMcHpzxWXJI8hy7En3plOCE+1fQ0qMKStFWNI04wV+o2nonr+VOVcfWnVTl0CVS+iDpRRTgoHXk1DaW5jKSQiDjNOoorNu7uYSd3cKKKa55x+dCV2EVd2EPU0AA0UdOnWtOhu07WQ4rnnOKCcdefegNk4ximk5PsKnVuzM0m3Zkkb7G3KcH3qcXa45Xn2NVKKmVKL3K9miWW4aQ9MKO1RlvakqnrGq6bo1obvVtQtrGAcb55AgJ9AO59qq0YK7skilTV9EXNzetBOASWwBySTgAV0vh7wL4j1qKO4SCPT7SQBlmujlmUjqsa89D3xXZab4P8ACGiTql75uv6moDCFl8zHuIl+VR7tn615OJzrDUbqD5n5bfft91zohhpPfRHm2h6Nq+uvt0jT5rpc4Mx+SEH3c8H6DNd1pnw50zToVuvF2rowJGLeBzHGT/d3fffp0GPoa7pE1y9URosOjWw+UAASTY9v4E/8eq3p+jWFlN9oEbT3R63E7GSQ/ieg9hgV89is5xNfRPlXZf5/5HVChGJmaWskdqLPw3osGm2nGJ7iLYp9xGPmY9/m2/Wr8Gg27SLcalLJqdwOQ1xjYh/2Yx8q/XGfetgDFFeVubCAAdKWiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACsHx1L4ih8OTnwtpenanqTlUSC/uDDCVJwxYgHOB2xzW9TJS4jYou5gCQCcZPYUAeH/Cz4X+PfD/xEXxLdat4b0DSJt5vdA0CGc2tyxVsORKdsbhiDmNVzj3Ofc6+c/hl8U/iRd/E3QvDXi6TRY01ZfNayGmXFveQoYZXOMkqyJJEYy59j/EK+jKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDM8Q6Fo3iHTX07XNKs9Ss3HMN1CsifXDd/frXzt8S/2PPBOuNLd+EL658NXbZKwnM9sT6YJ3L+BP0r6cooA/NXxb8EvjR8Kb2TU7GyvZ7WPk6hosrSoVH99R8wH+8uKt+Dv2jPEOmFbPxTpcOqxJ8rSxgQXAHvxtY/gK/R4jPWvPPiJ8GPhv48Dv4g8NWjXTZ/0y2XyJwfXemNx/3s1tTxFSn8LsZzpxn8SueAeFviv4D8SMkdnrK2Vy4H+jX4ETg+gJ+VvwNdnMQbcsCCrDIIOQR6+9eb/Ef9i7UIPNu/AXiSO6QZK2WpqEfHoJV+Un6ha8Z1Gw+NXwguPKv7LWtLtVOP3iefaOB6HlD+Br18PnLjZVFe3X/gHJUwSesX959PnpTa8H8L/tBk7YfE2hhvW4sXwT/wBs24/I16l4Y8f+DvEWxdM12289+lvOfJkz6AN1P0r6LD5jhqy92Sv2ej/Hf5GDpTpp3X6nUjgDPUU1xlSO9KSAM9R2I5BppYnjpXbG97owgne6IMEGrNtcSKcbsj0NQupyT2phOK2lFTVmei0q613Oh0zUJFmHzMACMgnIrqbOW31C2ltrlEmglXY8brlWU9j6155BcyR5AII755roNCvvLcEnCt19Aa+dzXLVODaWvQ47Tw8+Z7r8SzZ+DfD+i6xFqNhYMk8RLQM0zsEJBBwD06kfjXSXVpDf243jqM/jVe+gi1bT2szeXNqWHE1s4SRDnsefpUHh7StS03RotPutTkvpI2cm4kyGYFiQPoOB+dfE3q0J3u00e0vZYmmlpb+vxMfV9LezYFAzKTg98Vm9K9AEKtEEl+cjuetZep6TBKpZEw3qK+iwecxklGqte55OIwcqV2tV+JydFT3NrNA5V0YjPBAyDUB4ODXvRkpK6d0cYUUUUwCiiigCW1JWdcd+D9K0Q7L0Yj6GsyIMZF2DLZyK0q5MQldMaNbSroIpkc48sFj9AOv6U/w+jDw1YFh8zwiRvq5L/wDs1YV/I8Oj6hImQfs7qP8AeIIH8xXU20QhtkhXhYUEYHptAH9K+bzCmoVVJeR2YaT5ZQ6O/wDwTnPEsZWeOQDAIIrIrofEuDb575BFc9X0eAk5UI36aHG9GwooorsEFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQA5FLsFUZJrX06BYwSOSOM+prMs/wDXj6f0rcgGIlHc8muLFzaXKuoPYtou1cdz1qO4AYhcZJ4NR7wTt35PpmgcHjrXmKDTu9yba3GRQtFnklewI6VahLFSScjoKVG3jP5inhGJChTk9ABUVKjektxO7AMR0NSRsXO3HNZVt4h8PSaidPTWbFrsNs8vzRktnG0ep7VuIiQI087pBEoyzuwVVHqc9K4atWCT7nVRw9STSs7M4nVfiNoVnfx2trHLqA84JNKhCRIu7DEMfvEc9Bjg81va9qPh3xBLf+HdOW+uLKS2Iku1bah+YcK3c8jt2PY14lrZbxF4rkGj2Fvama4dI4bMkpLyfmLHgDAzlcDn8/UPCHgwWRtNRv5Xu9QhhWOMFgsVsMfdjVeD1OT3JJ78cNSba1ep7VChGL0Wi6l/wroFr4dsJLOzlnlWSUysZCM5xjAA4HAFbb6NZ3Fza3k8CS3FqWMEjD5oywAJH5YqwtkFG6STA9AKc97EgwMYHHNZU6M6rdldmtbE06Ss3byJY4NqY6DHApRF3YgAelZ13rCQrnIOfSsufXpGz5aH8TXoUcpr1NUrI4p5lBfCm/wOjluUTIByazrnUI1Yh5APqa5q51KdiS8m32FZtzeMxJDEe5PJr3MLkaTvJ3POq4ipWdunZHS6jqMSxHZIC3Tg9Peuem1GQ8BiR7kis55HY/eJHvTCT619Bh8uhSVnqVTwra1dkTy3cj5GcCoS7HqaRF3HFPMfI54NdyjGGlrG1qUHa12UNbBOmTyDloQsy/8AAGDf0NXB8xyvIPIPbFPaFHQxuuVcbTn0Ix/Wq2iMzaTa7zl0j8tz/tKSp/8AQajmSnp1X5P/AIInUTWhYCH1qSiim23uZuTe4UUUUhBShux/OkoosnuS0mrMf1GRyKQsM4po65oqeVEqmrjtw9abn1ooqkkioxSCiijsT2HJPYUFCdKWuU8TfEXwb4e3Lf61BJOv/LC2PmyZ9CF6fjXlfij9oG4fdD4a0VIR0Fxetvb67F4B/E1xYjMsNQvzST8lq/w2NI0pS6HvzMFQu7BUUZLEgAD19q4bxX8V/BXh8PG2pjUblcjyLIeYc+7fdH5143pHhv40/F6cfYtP1nUrVzjzHHkWiZ6cnCdq9v8Ahv8AsWyt5d34+8ShBwTZaWuTj0MrjA/BT9a8PEcQy1VGNvN6/hsdEcMt2zxzxP8AHTxLqkjWnhyxj0xHO1GC+dO30J4H4Crvgz4BfGT4m3cep6lZ3On2smD9v1qVkJU8/Khy5H0XHvX3V8PPhH8PfAaIfDfhmyt7hP8Al7kXzbgn18xskfhiu7AA6V4VfGVsQ71JNnRGEYrRHD/D/wAF6pofgrR/Duu+JrnVhptrHbboY/s4kVBhdxBLHAAHUdPeuwsbG0sIBBZ20UEY52xqFBPr7mrNFc5QUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABWX4q0q01vw9faXfT3dtb3ERV5rSdoZo++5HXlSCM5rUrjPjH4tvPBngqTVNOtbW41Ce6trGzW6kKQiaeVY1aQjkIC2TjsKAPB/gNq9rJ418K6JbeLvidNY2wYWVtq2lQpa3Sm2d0PnplljMeHCMT0X04+q6+cfBPhW68L/F/wqvjDRNBU3aTx6Ld+G7qeKzSeOKR9k1tISC/lyTbJAeASvpj6OoAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKhuLeG4heGeJJI3GGRlDKw9CDwamooA8c+If7Nvwo8Y+ZNJ4fXR718k3OlMIGz7pyh5/2a8u8EfsoSeBvippHihNVi8SaJp8rTGylhEU5fadhwSUYKxDdR90cV9aUUAea6n4Z8C6hIUaG48PXjHOBm3z/AMBbKH8KwNW+GGuWwMmmX1pqUeMhXHkyH2zyp/MV7JNBFPG0U0aSRsMMrrlT+BrJbw7aRMX02e50xsk4tZMIeP8Anmcp+QFdlDMcTQ+CWnZ6r8TOVKEt0eCarpep6Ucanpl5ZDJG+SPKH/gYytZoKuN0ZVl7FSCDX0UV8SWoKkWOqRY5BBgk/qp/Sub1nRfBt8S+teHZtHnPBuFiMQz6mSI7D/wKvaw/Eco6VY3807fgzOOHUNYv7zxg9amgmaI/KfqK9EuvhbDdQ+f4d8RpPERlVuFWRT/wNMfyrmNV8D+LNOy0mjPcxg/fsnEvH+7w36V7NLOMFXXLzWb6NW/HYupFTjaSK1hqkySDEhB6cnj8q6S01eQ2wJ5bOCM9K4F5DBOYJ1eCUdY5UKMPwbBFaEF9hQGU9MZB61GKy+liFzQSa7qzPPqYedJ3je3kdzbat58nkLw+M59KvW/m7iGORXGaNeRJPuVhjH4iumsrwSSYDZ47V8zj8v8AZNqnGysRTrSU05tu3maTW8TfeUHPWqtzpdrKCfLGfpV2MhlBB4pJZFjGWNeNTrVoS92TuerOjRlDmaSXc5q80ZBkwkr7HkVk3NrLA5VlJHYgcV248qTLFsH3rO1eXTbELJqF7a2qsGKGaRV3bRk4z1wOcV7WHzeUHy1NfU8yWFla8NV5HLGGVQMxsAenFNKsOqkfga6bTGGpadb6hHbXEUc67kSeMo4XJwSO2eo9iKtG0Qj5kz68V2LN4WT/AFMHSmnZxaOXsAd7MR0AFattbpIgJ5JHPoKuvZR44QflU1tbbVAx19OBWVfHRknJaCUZN2S1MnWIU+y21qBgT3kEZ+m8Of0Q1vhsRH1JzVC/tw2r6RDnhZJpyPTbHtB/OSr8sXljJORXj1K0a0ldnZGhVox5n538rmJ4hXMBJ6DkVz9bHiC8EjiGM/L3rHr6nARlGilJWOJ7sKKKK7BBRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRWhaW6sqgoCxGTntWjFZoBt289SegrmqYqMHqg0W5hQRPM4VRx3P+e9alvYKgy/X16mr0VoquGC/rmrDRFgBggZ6CuGtjru0XZCuY4jUyEIuSTjOMHFWBFMpC78DHPPSteGy5yV/OnvaEsMLn6VxzzGF7G/1eq1fldjNjt8YIUDjGe+KuRQZTgdvSp5pLOySJrueKESyrDGZGChnbO1R6k4PFRWt9LLr13pp064hgt4UkW6Zf3cxbOVX/dxz9a86tj3LSKOqll8mk5u3kCRkHnnHbFcX8Q/GFja2moeHrQX0mpyRCMSWwXEUhI+TOfvEHBx616G+1AWIyB2A6+1ctY+DNJOuy69dfaLi+kuTcCWZgoib0VVwD9T/APr5p4hzOqjgVTfM3c5Hwl4Ans7mC/1K5jM0GJIbaNN6RyAcFj/EFODgenWtKD4e3Woai9/4m1e41dpFG6M7okY5PBGfu9MAY7/j3by29sMIAT3J5qtLq0aqTvUYGeKdPC16uqW5pUxlCDstbdtSeC0tbaJEIRQgwAqgAADpSy6jaRD76j2yBXN3uryzAqny54zWJPctvIHzHuTzzXt4XIOdXqPXyOGpmNWT92yX3nV3+uwmJhGdx9ulYE908p3NJgHpg4FZbysww7ZHp2qF5APu819Bhcrp0FaBye/VlfdmjPdKBy28jgc8Cqcty/PJ+g4qszFupppr0qeHjFdzpp4X+Zj3lZup/XJphzRilAJNdCSSstDoXJTXuoTFKBk04J6mngYHHFS5JbGU6txFXaPU+tOLHH9aKFGTWb11OeTT1Y7tzzVHT8R3F9bjjZc+YB/syKG/nuq/Wf8A6vXCeguLYfiY2/wasnun5/n/AMGxFPVsu0UUVqaBRRRQAUUYOM0kJ8+cQW6vcTHpHChkc/guTUylGC5pNJd27Ak27IWiuh0vwP4s1EAx6QbSM9JL2QRf+OjLfpXS23wytLOL7R4j8SLDGOWSALEoHb53yf0FedWzjCUr+9d9lr+O34msaE35ep5tLJHChklkSNB1Z2CgfnXG+Ivil4I0Qsk2tR3kw/5ZWSmU59Mj5R+dfSulaL4QtSraN4XfV5gfluJYd65HcSy8D/gNeCQfsb2uqeLdS1XW/EjWOmXN5JNb2FjEGeONnJCGRuBgHsD0ryK3EU3pShbzev4afqbxwq6njXiT9oK6fdH4e0OKAdprx97f98LgA/ia5/TNM+NXxYlC6fY67qds5xmNDDarz3PCV91+Av2fPhR4O2S2PhW2vrtOl1qX+lSZ9cN8oPuFFeoxxRxRrHGiqigBVAwAPQDtXj18wxFf45trt0+5G8acY7I+H/AH7F/iK9KT+NPElrpcXVrWwXz5foWOEH1G6vor4efs7/CrwX5ctn4bi1K9j5F3qZ+0SZ9QpGxfwWvW6K4yyKKKOJFSNFVFACqBgD6DtUtFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVleKNA0TxNo8ukeINMtdS0+UgyQXKBkJByD9Qe9atMlCmNw+3bg7s9MUAeK/D/wT8ET4407VvA+u2z6hpc0skNhZ6608QkaN42PkO7Y+Vm+7j9K9tr5U+AepeHIviDoOgWOu/DnxC1oZYrS6XRJrDVkQRSEeUxXbKu3jO7lMnnv9V0AFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFGKKKAMm78P6RcS+d9jSGckkywExOT6kpjP41D/Zer23NjrckigcR3sQlH/fQw1blFAHNagt7PD5Gt+GrXU4BkkwMko+uyQA/lmuUv/Cfw9u5fLH2nQrlhkKWe3OT3CyfKfwr1CopoYpo2jljWRGGCrKCCPpV06s6TvBtejsB4P8AEXwfL4O8I6l4ttNdtr2x0y3e5linj2u6r/CrpkZPT7vevG/C/wC0J4NnlU3v9oaVJkbvNh8xPzTP8q+tvFHw/wDCXiXSLvSdW0iN7O7XZPFC7whxkEZ2EdwD+FeF+Lf2MvAOoFpfD+uaxosjdFcrcxj6A7W/8erujmuItabUl5q/47mFTDwnq1r5Gn4e+KXhXVVA03XdNuyf4VuFD/8AfJwRWrfeIVmA8tdo65JyDXz34q/Y2+IenbpNB1nRdZQH5VZ2t5T+DDb/AOPVwl/8P/j74DZ3/sXxPbRR8F7VmuIv/HCwqqOKwsZc06WvdP8AR/5mMsLJxspu3Zn2RpGoLcHZI4Vuo54IrRm0zSL55ZL6xtbp5oRDJ5yBwyAkhcHgck8jmviDTvjb8R9CnEGpC3uivDR3tnsf812kGu70D9qEptXWPDUigdWtbndn8GA/nSxP1XEO8ZOPqv8AK5nTpVqEuaKTPraJY1QLGoVVGABwAMdKr3kN7NdW5tr1rWKKRXmURK/nrg/Jz90dOR6V4x4e/aP+Hd6qC7vr/TZG6i4tWIHHcpkV6Fpnj/wH4ks5LWx8YaTL5yGMrHfLFIARjIzgqeeteVVw7h8LTXkd9LEuWk4tP8PvOqlVcjIxzzxWP4s1rUNEhtm07w/eauZZCsggJHlKAOTweTnA7delR20lv4V0QTajrV9qWnmYIt3MFl+zIRgB3TqmR94+orYtrmKe2iubaVJoJVDRyIchgR1HqKjWStfYGlTk5W0fboVgS/ifLDaLfTuQSDhpJD/RBUmpzjyWVeuDVSyLS6tq85bIEkUA9tsYJH5tU7Ql8jOa6sNTipKU+hx4vEykuSK0Zy9xbytIXHOe3QioTDKDjYa6x7C5N3btG0K2wD/aAyEuxwNm09uck1R8QWdzFpd7LYzQ21xHEZI5ZIi6rjk5HcYBH417kM3hZrsjj+r1Fa63MAxyDqjD8KaQfQin/DHWr3xNZztqFnEoh4W6QbVlOTldnYqMcj9Kv6pqllF4lsvDunrDd6nJMBcxEsot4QpZpCccnGMfWqWdUtUy3hKyfw/kZlFWPEfiHTNA8W2em38duLSaEyXNxuJa3JJ25UDkHH8/TmYy2viBNP1LwxrMa2dvdlbuMQczKOoyegxyPXIPGKJZ3RjrZsqGCrT2VvVkCWs7AMIzg9M05LO4dsBMGusiS3kBCxEEcAZBpt3BOtpL9gijF0VIjM4JjB9Tt5I9q53nsWnZF/2fWvZpfeYlpozSEeYTk+nFVtDutE1LV7vSbK5c3loxEiuhXeFOGK5+8FPBP+Ip0Nl4/ubY211rGm2DCQfvrK0LSMmTkfNwp6Y/XHddE8LX3hfTL+40l7bVNYu5TJJPfZjLA9RkZ+vbJJzjFcFXNq02+V2R0U8uSXvvXy/pnRRaf5eOBipjbkHhQa5nTb34i/bdt9o+hNbsQd4uWXaOeBjJJ79P/rdVYPdS2MT38EMFyR+8jilMiKc9A2Bke+K4pYqrJ3k7mn1CklbUp/bdMi1WPSpr+1W/kXfHbGQCRlwecd+hP4VoCNAQcciqdto2lW+p3GpxWFut7cNulnK7nJwBnJ+7wAMCrxIAySAKylUlJ3ubwoU4LRIWsjxLoh1tLWE6rf2MUMwlkS0cIZsEYBbqACM8ever1xdxxIWJFZ39vWykhjn6A1tSwdeqrxTZnPGUovlb+415YopQPNjjkCsGAdAwDA8HnoR1zSs6r1asO416Ap8hJJHAAqi2tnHCMfxrrpZRXmveVjCpmCWkFfzf+R0Nxexx5BGRjJzWTf60m7Cg8dAKxr/VWfr8oPOOprLe8ySVGSeSSa9vB5LFWlJXZw1MRVqpp7dkaNxdzTOxLkA9qqSTIjEHJOM8c/hVJ7xznBx9BUDzMxJzXv0sHbTZEww85u1i3JcO2edo9B1qq8mc4qIsx96BXZCko7HXDCKGsmBY/Wk5NLTgh4PQVpojf2kYL3RopQCe1PCYOSc0+pcktjCdVtkYQ96eBgUtFS22YuTYUUDrxzTZWWJC0rLGvcuwUD86nbUQ4ZPQZoBx9KwdS8aeEtLyL7xJpcRHVRcKzfkua5PVvjb4Esg3kXN9qDDtBbkAn6viuapjKFO/NNL5q/3bjVOUtLaHpeSTjGM1R1TEVzYXGeFuPLb6SKV/mFrxXV/2hkBK6R4ayOz3dx0/4Co/rXNr8XvHOv6taW4gT7IbiN5bbT7Ul3RXUkBuWB46ivOrZzhYr3W36LttvY0hhZp32R9NNhV3OQo9ScCltt11KIrOOa6kPAS3jaRifT5Qa9d03RfBEGJdL8MXOpuRlZHtnkB9Pml+Uda6O3Ot+T5Vho9hpsQbAE0wJHvsjGP/AB6uGrxF0pw+bf6L/M2WF7s8f03wR4tv8GPRmtkY433kqxAe+3lv0rorP4WXKJ5uteILa1QdVtos4/4G/wD8TXof9k6ncBvt2vT7T1S0iWFfzO5v1FKPD+h25+0XNuk7DrJdyGU5/wCBkgV5tXOsXU05remn/BNY0ILpc4yw8MfD+0lKpFda9cJyQDJc4+qp8gH1rqrEalFB5Gj+HbTSoMZHnsiAfSOLP6kV0EcaRoEjUKoGAoGAKkrzp1Z1Hebb9Xc1SSWiMT+ytUueb/W5gDz5dpGIVHtk5Y/nU9loGk2komjso3mByJpcySD/AIE2TWpRUDDFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAVHOU8hzINybTuGM5GOeO9SUyQsqMVXcwGQM4yfSgD5a+EEuhXXxH8MXttB4k0TTVkjh0q1lvILuK53Wc7W7yuvzxEweYvl8/6tN3IGfqivlv4Oal4OT4k+Fry38N+Hk8ZavJfR67aWkc0Nzo8wV33CByURcKY3fALFgV4JB+pKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigApu1ewx9KdRQBk654b8P65E0Ws6JpuoxkYK3VqkoP/AH0DXmviX9mv4N65uaTwfDYyt/y0sZ5IMf8AAQdv6V7BRQB8p+Iv2KfB85ZtB8V61pxI4W5ijuFHHTjYcV5v4h/Yw8d2m99H8SaHqSj7qzB4HI98gj9a+4vEmt6T4c0S61vXL+HT9OtE3z3EzbUQZAH5kgY9SK8o8CftBaB4/wDivB4L8F6XeajZJbS3F7qsuYY4lUDBVCNzAsVXnH3h6UAfIl58B/2gPCjM1ho+qMgHLaVfhwR9FbJ/Kqc/jb9obwgnk6jc+K7OJARi/sS6gA+roePevtz4h/Hj4d+CPE0vh7Vry9uNQtoxLeJZWbzi0QgcyFfu8EHHuPUV3uk+IdC1fwzB4ksdTtpdHuYBcR3ZcLGYyPvEnp3znpgigN0ePfAOw13xX8K9K8Sal4itl1PVPNuriI2S7VJcqBgMCPlRfzrtH8M+JogWQ6TdAdg8kbH8wR+tb+knwT4rtnvtKbQtZi3lXntTFMAw7bl6GrH/AAjel7CLSW9tiDgGG9lAH4biP0p3djN0oN3aOVew1+FMy6BM/TJguY3/AJkVA81zb/NPpGsQEHr9kZsH1yma7L+xr6If6P4i1IEdphHIv/oIP60n2XxLEAYtXsp/9mazK/qrVn7NM25mjz032kWpCEfZcHAEkTxAEn3A9f1pyatpbOGW6tGcDG4SqWA9M9a9A83xPHy1rpVyueizuh/VTVW7S5uM/wBoeDba6X/Zkhkz/wB94qowgt43+ZlL2r2lb5I4CfQtAv8AU31Waygnu5FRTLIokwFBAAzwOv8AL0rQgFlZoUjjRdxLHCBck9//AK9b9xpugO3+keApoj0LRWkZP/kNqpyaH4HMeZdD1i2HtBeJj8qcadK95Jg5V7WUl93/AATKbVLKPIDKD7YqJ9btQP8AWrmrU3hv4eyPzqt9aE5wr3Uifo4rxP8Aaq1GH4e+HtHvvAmvz3l5d3jRzxyPHcosYQnoFBByRzn1rtpwwC+Lm+5f5mEliX9pfl+h69/bltgnzBx7VCviCLfgkge4r4nHx1+IEajf/Z7AcEvZ4z+tTxfH/wAYKoEljo8h7nyXGf8Ax6uqMcs63+7/ACZn7PEv7Z9ky+J0DMqrnt6Uia8HGSpHHUHNfIEX7QniJceboulP64Mi5/WrC/tE6wP+Zd078JpBXSnlSVldfJmcsPXe7v8AM+s/7cYkkIcfWlbW8qcBs18nx/tF6qnI8NWBPqLhx/SpW/aQ1QjH/CL2X4XTf4VbqZd0f4Gf1Sr/AEz6Zvb+SUnzJNq+maz5bjBATBA6k184n9onUf8AoV7L/wACm/wqNv2htUI/5FqwB9TcOf6V208wwENFL8BrBz62PpNLpCPnGD7c1HPdLjCHHv3r5tP7Qmr/APQvafj0Mz19WfDjwRceLfAuieJptetrP+07KO6MMdtuEZZc7clucdOa0/tTAJ35m/KzNI4J31ZzUs7MTk5Pcmoy3vmvSh8KLcHL+LflA6C2jGP/AB6h/hpoEZ/f+MJlx1GYVq/7fwcVZXfy/wA2jrhh4QXc8zJzQFPpXpq+CfACECXxZO7AcgX0Sg/gFqWHwp8N0kIF9e3p6FVuZH/RBUPiTDdIyfyX+Zo+b7NkeXhSegoI2jLEKPUkAV6/H4Z+H4jDReGNSuBxjNtdv/6FV+00rw7EP9F+HrMQMBnsoQT/AN9nNYS4lgvhpv5tGTpSb1Z4es9sCAbiEk9AHBJ/xqzbrLckC1trq5JzjybaR/5CvebQXlvgWHhC1tF7bpoo8fggNWvM8UyHIttJtl9DNJIf0UVzT4kqP4YL5tsn6um7tny5478W6X4HW1Pie21XT/te77MJLFwZduN23PpuH5iuDv8A4+eEoSRa6dq10QeCUSMEfia+nPjT8F0+LtvpUPijXWtI9NleSNbC2AZt4UEFnJ4+Udq5bSP2P/hPZlHul1vUGByRNehVP4Io/nXNLPsU9rL0X+Y1hoI+a9Q/aHfJGn+F4xxw1xdE4/BR/Wufvvjt42u3K2dvplqpPyiO2LsPb5ic/lX3Tov7PXwd0oKbfwLpsrgYLXLSTk+/zsR+ldxo3hLwto206R4c0fTivINrYxRYPr8qiuSebYue838tPyNFRgtkfm5Z6l8dPFmF06DxTeK2MGysmRfblFArY079nn47+JSr3uhXsSkZ36nfKmPwZif0r9JQB07Uu0dgM1xzr1Knxyb9XctJLY+D/D37FvjW62PrXijRdPU/eWBZJ3HH0A/WvSfDf7Ffgq2IbXvE+uamRyVgWO2U/o5r6Y8QaxpmgaLd6zrN7DY2FnGZZ55mwqKO+fy/MV4j8CfjfffFL4zeJNLsrY2nhmw01ZbBJods8x8xV81j2DAnC+hHesxnReG/2cvg5oO1ofBlpeSg/wCsvpHuCfwY7f0rtb0eC/AGgTanPFo/h3S7ZR5kqwpAi9gPlAyemO9fIfxM8e6d43+KXjiDxZ4o8YabpXh5zaaRbeH4nZYCjFXvJwuAVDAdSD84AIxXY/FK8svFGv8AwF8KPr7+KNA1G4+1z3k67f7Q8raFMq+v3gQe5Oe9AHttx8Y/AT/DvVfG+j6xHren6aUjlS0yZTK7Kkce1sFWZmUAnA59q4jx78dfEGjeAPE+oQeC30zxN4be0e+0zUZllQW9wSElV4jhuhyOMYOe1ct4d8L6Heftc/EbwRJpdu/hzV/DkUt9ZRr5cZkDQ7SAuNpBYkEdCc16jqPwf8Oad8MPF/h7SIby4utesXS5u726e5uJ3WMiENI/OFwAB2oA8z/ar+LHiuz8G+Dovh5qE9pqGv2UmqzPaorOLVIQ5+8DtHzE5/2TUXjzxI3xS8TfAvw/BJI0GrKmv6nGjEArEgJVgO25JFrif2Q7a6+JXi5n12BxZeFfCf8Awj0YznmZ5FJx2OxnH4Ctb9ibwf4mh+JOraj4mtLxIfDGnvounSTRMqc3Ds4QnrjDc/7VAH2KOlFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABXnX7Q+q61o/wxvL7Rry50/wD0m3jvr62j3y2dm0yrPMg/vKhJz25Pbj0WmOqyKUdQykYII4NAHz/4Jv7Dwt8UPCmn+FfiPceONL8SrcQ3EN9eRXt1bCOEyLcLOihxHlQhVuPmGORX0HXP+HvBnhLw/qNxqOheGNG0u8uBiae0so4ncdcEqBxkZxXQUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAY3jO30Kbw3eyeJbS0utKtozc3Md1GJI9sY35Kng4xn8K+ev2SxbQeG/Hnxu123W0i1i5mlhWOML5NlACdqqMD/AGeP7gr6O8QaRp2v6Ld6Nq9ol3YXkRhuIXJAkQ9QcYNUtP8ACfh/T/By+D7LTIotDW1a0FoCSvlMCCuTzzk89eaAPivXda8e2/hPxn8aNGs9L8PeEvHNzHZ3UNwftN8IizRGaMEAfNl/kz+GADXZa54bt9b8beAP2ctDvryTwlpGnrq2uyElHu1YmUKwHTJYHHbzB12ivQNN/Zh8Pwz6fp+o+LvEmq+FNNujdWegXMqm3R85wxAyw5PYdT6mp/iN8MviJafFu8+IXwu1fQbW61bTF06+i1WNz5G3AWWIqD0Crx7dGzwAcD8PdGeT44/GLQvhUsWh2NvoP9nQGBisCahtCo4PO0hhIM9sE1s/D+DXvhfpvifxvqPhvUPCmg6d4bWO5sL7VBdtqOqq3/HwvzttBzszxu3DjivWfgN8MbT4X+EH00Xj6lqt9ObvVb9xhridup56KOQO/U968v8A27b7V7jwfoXhOw0nVrnTtR1BbjVp7G0eXyreIjC8DG4ltwHrGPWgDmvgzJ8afFngmw8S6f8AHDRor29LyHStQhjm8kbyFBI+YEgZxjjIr6R+GkHjW38Lonj3UNJvtZMzky6bGyQ+Xn5OG5JwCTx39q+aNHtv2TfFeq2Ohx+H9Q0jV55I4II2t7q2kdyQoGR8uT/jX1zaQRW1tFbQIEihQRxqOygYA/SgCaiiigAxRiiigBMfX86ZNBFKpWSJHU9Qygg1JRQBl3Hh7QrhStxo+nSr1w9rGw/UVQk8CeCpM+Z4R8Pvnru0yE5/8dro6KAONn+Ffw3mJMngTw2T7abEP5Cqsvwd+F8oAk8BeHSPaxQV3lFAHnL/AAN+ErEk+ANB59LbH9ai/wCFDfCL/oQND/78t/8AFV6XRQB5p/wob4Rf9CBof/flv/iqlT4G/CVOngDQPxts/wBa9GooA4OP4PfC+JdqeAvDgHvYIa3rTwh4ZtLeO2ttDsYoIlCpGsWFQDoAOgFb1FAGUvh3QEHy6Jpo/wC3VM/yqVNE0eNt0el2Kn1Fsg/pWhRQBHDDFEMRRIg9FUCn4+v50tFABijA9KKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigDO8RaPpmv6NcaRrNjDfWFwAJreZco+GDAEdxkA/hXgXwkjii/bM+JcMMaRxxaTbIiJwqqPJAAHYcCvo481k2Hh3QrDXr7XbPSbODVL8AXd2kQEswXgBm6kcD8qAPlzV7DxR8KfiH8UbK0+HuseJbHxzEz6TcafB5iJI4kBilP8Kgytnv8AKOxyN3TfgB4nT4MfD+30/V7XS/HHhS5e/t3uMyW4eWQyNA20HgHHIyMhvXNfTZAJpaAPKfgn8Ndb8M6/4g8beNdXtNW8W6+yC5ktIylvbxIPlij3c46ZJ9B6ZPq1FFAGL4X8LeHvDEdxH4f0Ww0xbqTzZ/s0ITzX5+ZiOp5PX1NbIA5paKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKKKKACiiigAooooAKQjPr+BpaKAKkthYy3EdxLZ28ksbbo3aJSyn1BxkGrdFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQB//2Q==
