---
layout: post
title: "I09N 2016 Weekly Report 4"
date: 2016-04-19 17:02:44 +0000
---


#### From Leticia Barbero and Carmen Rodreguez ****(Co-Chief Scientists)

Ahoy land-dwellers!

Greetings from the Bay of Bengal. We have now left behind the Equatorial
region of  
the Indian Ocean and have finished an intense sampling scheme between 3S and
3N,  
with stations spaced just 20 nm apart instead of the average 30nm. We
completed  
20 stations in just 6 degrees of latitude. Now we are covering the so-called
“bow tie”  
section of the cruise, where the track makes a funny kind of knot around 10N
(see  
plot below). This “bow-tie” section covers part of the I01E GO-SHIP cruise
which  
was last occupied in 1995 but not again. During the I09N 2007 cruise, sections
of the  
I01E track were also sampled, and we are repeating this track, going as far
west as  
international waters will allow. The Bay of Bengal is an important source of
fresh  
water to the global ocean and these stations are useful for estimating
freshwater  
transports and budgets, among other things. The stations further west also
have  
interesting carbon and nutrient concentrations, particularly in deep waters.


![][fig1]


We are beginning to see some animals out there, finally. Still no sign of a
whale yet,  
but some of us have seen the odd turtle, a small shark, and a school of
dolphins  
splashing in the distance. To compensate for the lack of exciting fauna, the
Indian  
Ocean is providing us with a non-stop series of amazing sunrises, sunsets and
starry  
skies, as well as ongoing calm seas.


![][fig2]


For those of us who have not worked in the Indian Ocean before, the oxygen
values  
we are seeing have been a surprise. Starting at around 10S, subsurface values
began  
to drop significantly and we have actually measured O2 values as low as 10
μmol/kg,  
compared to values of ~200 μmol/kg at the same depths in our first stations.
This  
means that subsurface waters in this area are highly hypoxic, and close to the  
suboxic range (concentrations lower than 5 μmol/kg). In the suboxic range most  
organisms cannot survive. Similarly low O2 concentrations had been measured in  
this area in previous cruises so this is not a dramatic change that occurred
in the last  
decade.


![][fig3]


On this week’s report we also wanted to talk a little about the LADCP
(Lagrangian  
Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) measurements. The LADCP is installed on the  
rosette and provides zonal as well as meridional current velocities. These
currents  
are important not only for physical oceanographers, but also for researchers  
working with nutrients and carbon, because knowing them helps scientists in  
determining nutrient distribution and transports.


![][fig4]


Our LADCP scientists on board and back on land, Takaya Uchida and Andreas  
Thurnherr, have summarized the main results from the LADCP records so far:

1) There are strong currents along the Diamantina Escarpment (southern flank
of  
Broken Plateau, near 30S) essentially all the way to abyssal depths. From this
single  
occupation it is not clear whether the northwestward flow along the Diamantina  
Escarpment is part of the mean circulation or if it is a transitory feature.
The flow  
above the topography crosses the plateau in a southwesterly direction; the
flow  
below the crest depth appears to flow along the topography (probably because
of PV  
conservation). Based on this observation we hypothesize that the southern
limit of  
the high-EKE (Eddy Kinetic Energy) wedge seen in the figures below is set by
the  
topography.

2) The strong currents associated with the Diamantina Escarpment are
associated  
with significant turbulence and mixing. Based on the VKE (Vertical Kinetic
Energy)  
parameterization the turbulence levels around the Broken Plateau are similar
to the  
turbulence levels in the ACC region, although they do not extend above 1000m.

3) The VKE-derived turbulence levels under the entire region of high surface
EKE  
(roughly 17-30S) are elevated across the entire water depth.

The zonal equatorial undercurrents between the latitudinal bands of 5S~5N
which  
are specific features in the equatorial regions can also be clearly observed.

As always, here are the links to our blogs for those of you who want to  
learn more about what’s going on in our cruise:





Onwards!  
Carmen and Leticia, chief-scientists I09N  



[fig1]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig2]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig3]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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

[fig4]: data:image/jpeg;base64,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
