---
layout: post
title: "I08S 2016 Weekly Report 2"
date: 2016-03-05 19:46:24 +0000
---



![][fig1]


Please note that the bulk of this report was written prior to the events of
Monday afternoon Feb 22, 2016 (local), which are explained in the last
paragraph.

Steaming somewhat more slowly than planned through rough seas and then around
to the west to avoid ice, it took us 11 days to transit from Fremantle to our
first station. But, it thought well worth it by most of us as at 66.60°S,
78.4°E, we were 0.05° south of the Antarctic Circle. As we made our way into
Prydz Bay we were treated to the night skies filled with the Aurora Australis
and some beautiful views of icebergs (kept at a safe distance).

Sampling has been busy, but is going well as the CTD watch learns the ropes.
There have few glitches other than a couple of short hold ups with the winch,
which were quickly dealt with, and the switching of the intake source for the
underway measurements first due to bubbles and second due to issues with the
pump. Our first SOCCOM float was successfully deployed with all necessary
sampling on Sunday night. And our first drifter deployment will be coming up
in a few days.


![][fig2]


It seem the cooks in the galley are planning on fattening us up before we get
back on land as along with wonderful meals, we are constantly tempted with
fresh baked bread, muffins, cakes (birthday and otherwise), cookies,
croissant, crumbles, and even pavlova for deserts. A couple of nights ago
despite of freezing temperatures and the occasional snow shower, we were
treated to barbequed steak (cooked outside).

Yesterday, as most of you are already aware, just after noontime, under normal
conditions, the rosette was going in when a malfunction of the Cast-6 system
caused the wire to part

and the loss our 36-bottle rosette, (seen in the photo above, note the iceberg
in the background is not nearly as close at it seems) including all
instrumentation in 2200 m of water. To trawl for the rosette with no certainty
of success would have required the efforts of many of the same personnel
needed to get the spare rosette and alternate winch prepped. Given our
previous delays due to weather and ice, it was fairly quickly decided that the
best course of action would be to move forward with the science. I am most
grateful to have this steadfast crew and science party out here as within less
than one shift we had a working rosette with CTD, transmissometer and
fluorometer in the water again. Spare chi-pods should go on today. The loss of
our specialized fluorometers for the SOCCOM floats will be felt, as will the
upward/downward looking pair of LADCPs. We are once again moving steadily
northward along the track of the 2007 occupation of I08S. The students are
enthusiastically embracing the joys of deck work: hooking the rosette,
slipping the lines and learning to tie knots. Our station spacing will likely
suffer due to the loss of time and some observations will simply not happen
due to the loss of instrumentation,. Nevertheless, the science will not suffer
due to a lack of effort.

Coming north,  
\- Alison and Viviane


![][fig3]



![][fig4]




[fig1]: data:image/png;base64,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

[fig2]: data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAMgAAABCCAYAAAASc5kgAAAKsGlDQ1BJQ0MgUHJvZmlsZQAAeJyVlgdUE9kax+/MpBdaQqQTepPeQXoNRZAONkJCCSWEQFCwobK4AiuKighWcBFEwbUAsoqIBQsi2MC6QRYFdV0sYEFlB3iEt++d9955/5xv7u98ufPNN3fuPecPAKWfLRCkwjIApPGzhCE+7syo6BgmXgwgoAiIQBrAbE6mwC04OACgmh3/rvH76GxUd4ynav37//9Vstz4TA4AUDDKcdxMThrKp9Bo4wiEWQAgaACtFVmCKS5HmS5EG0T56BQnznD7FMfN8N3pOWEhHigPA0CgsNnCRADIH9A8M5uTiNah0FE243N5fJQ9UXbmJLG5KOejPD8tLX2Kj6OsH/dPdRL/VjNOUpPNTpTwzLtMi+DJyxSksnP+z+X430pLFc0+QxMNSpLQNwQdGeia1aak+0uYH7cwaJZ53On505wk8g2fZU6mR8wsc9me/rMsSgl3m2W2cO5eXhYrbJaF6SGS+vzUhQGS+vEsCcdneoXOcgLPmzXLuUlhkbOczYtYOMuZKaH+c3M8JHmhKETSc4LQW/KOaZlzvXHYc8/KSgrzneshStIPN97TS5Lnh0vmC7LcJTUFqcFz/af6SPKZ2aGSe7PQDTbLyWy/4Lk6wZL1AZ7ACwSgPyYIBxbACpij10AAsuJXTu1p4JEuyBHyEpOymG7oqYlnsvgck/lMCzNzGwCmzuDMJ37fP322IAZhLidA69uj+xapnsvFKQHQjO4LReJcTvswANJRADTlcUTC7JkcZuqCBST0ZNPRE64GtIA+MEY7swGOwBXt2A8EgTAQDZYBDkgCaUAIVoDVYD0oAEVgK9gJKsB+UA1qwTFwAjSDs+ACuAJugB5wDzwCYjAEXoFRMA4mIAjCQ1SIBilC6pAOZARZQHaQM+QFBUAhUDQUCyVCfEgErYY2QkVQKVQBHYTqoF+gM9AF6BrUCz2ABqAR6B30BUZgCkyHVWFd2BS2g91gfzgMXgonwhlwLpwPb4HL4Sr4KNwEX4BvwPdgMfwKHkMAQkYYiAZijNghHkgQEoMkIEJkLVKIlCFVSAPSinQidxAx8hr5jMFhaBgmxhjjiPHFhGM4mAzMWkwxpgJTi2nCXMLcwQxgRjHfsVSsCtYI64BlYaOwidgV2AJsGbYGexp7GXsPO4Qdx+FwDJwezhbni4vGJeNW4Ypxe3GNuHZcL24QN4bH4xXxRngnfBCejc/CF+B344/iz+Nv44fwnwhkgjrBguBNiCHwCRsIZYQjhDbCbcILwgRRhqhDdCAGEbnEHGIJ8RCxlXiLOEScIMmS9EhOpDBSMmk9qZzUQLpMekx6TyaTNcn25EVkHjmPXE4+Tr5KHiB/pshRDCkelCUUEWUL5TClnfKA8p5KpepSXakx1CzqFmod9SL1KfWTFE3KRIolxZVaJ1Up1SR1W+qNNFFaR9pNepl0rnSZ9EnpW9KvZYgyujIeMmyZtTKVMmdk+mTGZGmy5rJBsmmyxbJHZK/JDsvh5XTlvOS4cvly1XIX5QZpCE2L5kHj0DbSDtEu04boOLoenUVPphfRj9G76aPycvJW8hHyK+Ur5c/JixkIQ5fBYqQyShgnGPcZX+apznObFz9v87yGebfnfVRQVnBViFcoVGhUuKfwRZGp6KWYorhNsVnxiRJGyVBpkdIKpX1Kl5VeK9OVHZU5yoXKJ5QfqsAqhiohKqtUqlW6VMZU1VR9VAWqu1Uvqr5WY6i5qiWr7VBrUxtRp6k7q/PUd6ifV3/JlGe6MVOZ5cxLzFENFQ1fDZHGQY1ujQlNPc1wzQ2ajZpPtEhadloJWju0OrRGtdW1A7VXa9drP9Qh6tjpJOns0unU+airpxupu0m3WXdYT0GPpZerV6/3WJ+q76KfoV+lf9cAZ2BnkGKw16DHEDa0NkwyrDS8ZQQb2RjxjPYa9c7Hzrefz59fNb/PmGLsZpxtXG88YMIwCTDZYNJs8sZU2zTGdJtpp+l3M2uzVLNDZo/M5cz9zDeYt5q/szC04FhUWty1pFp6W66zbLF8a2VkFW+1z6rfmmYdaL3JusP6m42tjdCmwWbEVts21naPbZ8d3S7Yrtjuqj3W3t1+nf1Z+88ONg5ZDicc/nQ0dkxxPOI4vEBvQfyCQwsGnTSd2E4HncTOTOdY5wPOYhcNF7ZLlcszVy1XrmuN6ws3A7dkt6Nub9zN3IXup90/ejh4rPFo90Q8fTwLPbu95LzCvSq8nnpreid613uP+lj7rPJp98X6+vtu8+1jqbI4rDrWqJ+t3xq/S/4U/1D/Cv9nAYYBwoDWQDjQL3B74OOFOgv5C5uDQBAraHvQk2C94IzgXxfhFgUvqlz0PMQ8ZHVIZygtdHnokdDxMPewkrBH4frhovCOCOmIJRF1ER8jPSNLI8VRplFrom5EK0Xzolti8DERMTUxY4u9Fu9cPLTEeknBkvtL9ZauXHptmdKy1GXnlksvZy8/GYuNjYw9EvuVHcSuYo/FseL2xI1yPDi7OK+4rtwd3JF4p/jS+BcJTgmlCcOJTonbE0eSXJLKkl7zPHgVvLfJvsn7kz+mBKUcTplMjUxtTCOkxaad4cvxU/iX0tXSV6b3CowEBQJxhkPGzoxRob+wJhPKXJrZkkVHzU6XSF/0g2gg2zm7MvvTiogVJ1fKruSv7MoxzNmc8yLXO/fnVZhVnFUdqzVWr189sMZtzcG10Nq4tR3rtNblrxvK88mrXU9an7L+5gazDaUbPmyM3Niar5qflz/4g88P9QVSBcKCvk2Om/b/iPmR92P3ZsvNuzd/L+QWXi8yKyor+lrMKb7+k/lP5T9NbknY0l1iU7JvK24rf+v9bS7baktlS3NLB7cHbm/awdxRuOPDzuU7r5VZle3fRdol2iUuDyhv2a29e+vurxVJFfcq3Ssb96js2bzn417u3tv7XPc17FfdX7T/ywHegf6DPgebqnSryqpx1dnVzw9FHOr82e7nuhqlmqKab4f5h8W1IbWX6mzr6o6oHCmph+tF9SNHlxztOeZ5rKXBuOFgI6Ox6Dg4Ljr+8pfYX+6f8D/RcdLuZMMpnVN7TtNOFzZBTTlNo81JzeKW6JbeM35nOlodW0//avLr4bMaZyvPyZ8raSO15bdNns89P9YuaH99IfHCYMfyjkcXoy7evbToUvdl/8tXr3hfudjp1nn+qtPVs9ccrp25bne9+YbNjaYu667TN61vnu626W66ZXurpce+p7V3QW/bbZfbF+543rlyl3X3xr2F93rvh9/v71vSJ+7n9g8/SH3w9mH2w4lHeY+xjwufyDwpe6rytOo3g98axTbicwOeA13PQp89GuQMvvo98/evQ/nPqc/LXqi/qBu2GD474j3S83Lxy6FXglcTrwv+kP1jzxv9N6f+dP2zazRqdOit8O3ku+L3iu8Pf7D60DEWPPZ0PG184mPhJ8VPtZ/tPnd+ifzyYmLFV/zX8m8G31q/+39/PJk2OSlgC9nTVgBBA05IAOAd6hOo0QDQegAgSc145GlBM75+msB/4hkfPS3UuVS3AxCWB0AAOu5GR100pF0BCEYjzBXAlpaS+IcyEywtZmqRm1FrUjY5+R71hngDAL71TU5ONE9OfqtBm30IQPv4jDefkgzq/w/kWnp6hN7cTMoD/6K/ADBcBWnmklpSAABl6klEQVR4nG39d7ht2XnWif5GmGGFvXY8OVadyklSlcrKQrYly9gYG7DBBsu+5hKaBhqacEkdAHOhiYaGC24u0PRtzNNgyznIEpYly8qlUsVT6VSdnHbee8U55wj9xxhjrlXmHj2lc/baa8015xhfeL/3C0N85Fue8K9cusJy7plUglEj8U6wcWyNd7zjUVZXjnCyO+XWS5/icDjlQB3hrVv7zKxCCIHzcKRv2OgKtNS8eAvGFSgh8AjAgQDnBVIAXoAALzx4QBD/OEAgEHgPHoEQDjx4IZDxWj5+QBA/j8TjEQLAh5cI7/fegUh/g/AChCN8tYzvFsRvi/cVfsZ7hJAIDwiP9x4h4nd78FK0Ny/Te0R8JB8fqf3OdM8Lzys8Sgka43jX2QFnVno8/B2f4NH3fARTzZAirO/ifwgR79MvvC7D5URcPRF+EEIg4+/DRwVSghRyft8SZPhguBYCIcNvw7XDrXoBCoGUYReQ4B10u10+85lP869/8l8xGo6YVTPKTHLhWIcsUzSNYzyZMJpaKFd58JFHOHfuPD/1H/5P+v0BF+57gK1bV1mSQ/q9ktpY8J7rW1MOpp6qmvG7vvVb+St/7X9sn11KiZLgvMdYi7UeZx3OeZyzUXbAOYu1DuccPr3X2Vb+nAt76rzHeYeP7/M+bF5dN7zzsQfQzXTMbDSl07VMK82kUXhbU9UdjHU0TY2ZDWmqKdN6xvZoi63dmqxTILzAOkOjHLIsmUzHDMeeyiqkgPBdPv6n4r5EQZvL5lywRRR/L8KvBXOF8D6+EAQRP1eV8BHfCqZHRKGNAu9d2NUFRZxLcFy0eDNeyPieIHC0Khc/IUT7ShIgFhSivSwCvI0vyih4Ijxp/KCWgto69oeKM8eOYbwMz+5FvG8W/iz+EJ/Ze4RMaxaeVQiBjOsXntRH4wLOg8fF5xLgoryIYDikAGxQRCmiosj5qnnnwmtO4AVYYzh75hzee2azKY1p2N8f0VUDjq/1qRuHQzKbjXn3O+/j/e/7FrrdLqePrbKxvk6/FFwf7rK8rHHOI51hWjeMJlOMz1gaDPj2b/8o3W6H0WiCzhQqKrWUAArvLc75+Hw+CL5zOB+UxlqHw2Odw1of5NJ5rAty6X1SMBv2xoc1SYql69kY6aEoSkaNQyLxMkPJDG8cuVbcuXWXra0pRU+xPTRMGs1K6YNQOg9eUxYdrPMoZRFOImT4ptZBMN+MZIEXf/df/0mKFXcoKoQTMngPkYRYxQcFEZ4eL0BGofdYECoqnEd4NRdSD17I1gp7PMHvJSvrWgmZK+Pc27Q/i7mCpXsPQqfip0T8Oo8g3Ut4NOVhb+ZRa2dQOkMhcFIh5ILnSDolZbA68euSR2PBa6R7S9/Z3lryYiI9w8JK+/ndB4fi2yfBB0/0NhsQv7uqGx548AE+/ru/m//tJ/8lg36PwcYaw/GEyXQPLzXWC/Ksw1tXrnIwmoJ3DA9H7O/t471nfLiPcQN6M08pLYejGU6VFDrn/e//AO97/wcwTUOmJVIQFTeZqLBfUkicMO2zLdx9lLewH1KF9fPMr5EWwhMULO2XJxggvbd3gPEOXRT40SxaYo+QiunhFtPSs5QpMi1RWoKQeASZLpDC44XDRktZqgzhG/AS4ZO99FHIfNxXgQhi8HYnkqwu4L1LIKD93SKccenn6BIX7H94wBa9+XRhEmzyUUyJCuPT71u5i/eAaxUnea1Fj/W2lU3KnGCJj98lgu32LeaS0UvOPYCUktGsYTSdstTvBwvYXjgpQFjJsNG/Q7DF/H0+ecoEE9/uY4Nn8j7AqnRdIebr1O5FgKhzmCVa4+EIAhf2SFBVFZ/4xCcQwK//6i+xu32XuvEIKQGDtY7JtGI0qbh5exutJdPpFCE1WaaxusPuqGFv7GiaCi3g+MljeAEba8vxIX0ED8ETiLh2TfQKLr6W9tl7H7ynoF1vKSTCu9areinw1kWlWFCMKFM+eiVdGwUoTN3gnUMKhcOjpKSpD2imgqIj6PU1DSB8EPY8V6x0JbZq0Kahl5VMhULIaVjKRYvlRauVIEAGdy///1jf8DFJ8h6iFT5a9yfj731akHZn4+IlwfRz4QoXl21cIuLPwkdoFj1bK/XREMgE7URUPDF/T7DW6Re0ln3BxC8I6MIaJCvoARks8fBwiM40jQ+bJl0S/jnMESSvHKBC+11RgWW8F5/WfXFlE5T1wTSJCFeJy73oGZLO+fh9Pu6BjVshlaAsO62HyzLNn/1zf47r167z2d/4NHmnz2QyxlqDNZb1jQ36/R5aZ0gh2T84wJgpeV5EeOTJM8nS0hJKwpGNVR548GGstcGMRrgTlj3CqQWYJKXAOREMthIh3nU+xK5CYKKLFBKEDduFB4sPiCMZ8nhtH5XGA1ophZMwq2qMpRVYh2dp5TiZdojmgLSSFoWUjv29MYf7lo4W9DU8e+kWa33N0VxQEnDfvtGtGwQ5d/c4ZIw3/HwL20A72fG0Me2fBCHiQ4XXoqDG6CwuH3M73b6NhMpbQOXnQvg2T9MK9RwygYjK0UYS7e/C+icr3gKvVuGETGvvosrP7805R7e7xKmz96BVhjEG7yxeBi/bxmvzBQpwAQIMiz+L6A0kImHZADmFQMh5oJ78p19YVizY1tImiy2TXaCFowSPNxlNefarXw5K5DzdTonD8/prLzM83EdrRVGWlEWHyXjC+uoqJ0+eJM8zhBBs3r5GozxlkTOdTen0+2gpmYzHrCz3ObKxStnp8p3f9XvJspzpbNY+Z1rkFjnIZAgWyQqwNiiVExJFDOIjmBE+KIFP3sb5BDDmyhEXSGfCIoBMS1DhgcMKOvLOCoIx/eUBo8kSu/vT8CUIai9ZUgKDx3iHEgKExtFwZqOHVTk71w/ROgIQMRe8VkDazZ9bvvQmzxxWtNbYRys61zRarZDJSKarCxDRW/iFzyQ38DYYsqhMooWZiLnFZ/FdyQP5uSWeix5zXUvXn+Oz9m/vA3yx1rK+foQsz9jevM3y8fM463HRGy6yVAnKCSFxIsRZQTkixpYCh0C6ubJ4KZAuaKmQHuEFbu7cSJFRWpZ2ufEto5U0PQmQA575+lfodro88o538cLzz/LVL3yOrVvXcaaisipc31nyTHH98iWuX7mEVorpdAKA0hn9jSUefPgR9g/2uXz5MqPhARvrq9y4dpUHHnknp86eYTwez9kzaAVXyoAGEhOV1kgiQMpgPHxku6TDWYuxYF3YJYlHeYGT0YRb217DexF4He/RSIWLP9TG0jjZ2nQnoDPYQJZTvFSkENZjglJJUDJQIWdWFUeXO9ydSVhdw02GKCwuBtGt2/ZE+DK3tgumP4jhnI6ai+2iyWup2Dnt6SFQqnFhgqIv7Hj8nIzCHWRWttg60cuk64hWUt7mMRLsaNXcL9zPXObmSGvhNz7dNslQhGuYekZZ5Kyvb2Ctn2OqeE9z5UhC6pBSYAlgVPgQvwfYuvA9LqmUxQmPcnF9mAfwHj+nepMnTM/joneK1wxwxZGXJX/kj/4pnvnSb7OyvMr9Dz7CF3/z03z0Oz7OcGb52te+xp3bt9jbPwTv0FohpcISvNmp4xt0e32u3LrJq5cuMZmMozdQ7B+OeOfjj/FtH/0OmrpGSdESFsFzzKGj8wLnHLi3QyQhQfsQlDvvwnPKYECsczgbFEgKibEWjw0GK1GvjsAGAPrUiXWGs5ucPHUSveSYVQ37ezsoHN4ZrBWovIcSGiFUxOyBBsxV8ByZgtWOZFBqeh1Hp5czPnRzxUC09KkQSRDn1nDR2wvSIiRJkkksW7FKv5sHl2m3Y97Ee4SILvVtEIX5tduX5mCuZUFa2jf9v2w/IxLUSvmcVifm8MfHXwgv29ub+80UiyQiwmGswVoLQqAzDc4ilZxDiujy07p5iDmOeSAthUQuCP/iciXYaREIK1pollhGl5YQEXXTtU/fmoL2Oh5TN2RZzvu/7WNcfPkFnn3uGzz54W/n//HH/gyDXo/r167w+quv8NKLL/DqxZe4c/sW4/09itkYZQynejlZJ2dw7CgzYzhz/4Pc/+jjPPaOJxFKsLN5h+Nn78HYBtU0OGNw1uJd2iciuSAjsedxDoRKchCo22TnElqRMlLoEpQPHjXELoFO9J6gbCrE4EJK9PLagCf0lMHaGmcfPEMz3Odg5zabUwdCo7QKWiYytC5BzHBApgRLhWLmgn0tM0HWyej1Fc42dBWAWhD9RaGMMYQQrWAmyxDI+ST3SSgXYoCEABcQkojuyCVlaANU175hTrMuQLO3yVHafhFlX5ASBV4ktzyHca0UBmltrVcLu8Tid8wVLvyYoGOgk5dX1lA6ZzadstQtMaZBqeBFAnZ2WJdwcVTFViHm8cWc75jnhOZKtrATPsHMuatrvW97v/P3tgG/lOiiQGU5tppR7+1wT6dgezKkczDjpb/zl3lpMuPuYI1+JpDScc+pdY6uD5ju73L/G8+xfnBIdlDh9hUy0+S9Pp39y3ReHVNsX2ZoPZlzvCkd3eMnKY8cp1zbIOuUKKXDPVlHXVc470jxSJbpEHfEHEgI+eaJQu/BGhvXMyYH/RwTLXCuYUtVcAK6s3oqWA2ZYR1Yb+ivrXOwO0MIidQ5lhovNE6qkDASkkxDJ1fUU0+WwUq3YKW0SGe4fmOLwlbkuaSxSdYDqxAcytySJuuYpL2lXRe2yrd5iVYio3wGkOGFi5j+7aKePEtMyJPAUvBSScZFi8JScu5tIiXm9+nmL86VuMWN6fogfKCIW6S2IGzJGs8pRcm5c+cZjysmszF5rsGbVgGliBUGMpgV5+KGtl5iIQCLGf9ge9Ia+fY+WrS5iFaZK1YQmuRJosUl/J2XHVxTc/j6RW4/8yX2X32R4ZU3ObhzgzxX3DGGYrDK6gc/ylh32dve5MyZM9T7e3gcn/gTf45uNUXWNf/p3/8kjz74MJPhmC984bPcv5xzWmj8rZuMtjaZ7u9w+MyX0FJRlAXTMxeo3/Vejh45wpEjRxmsbHDy7Dnybo9mOqHINLdv3aXf66K0jmsUPYtfjJ08xtmIMlwbqAcD7dvtDGsSFkUrldHpLKHLJZxU+E4XT4GUW2GDpEArDVJgfbTJwmG9ZmrC3uTC01iHJWeQweWDfbatotSS2tgYaIpWPN8u/r9jz4Scy3Yrd4tBtGyFLTEXc4XxLa/fBtnRA8wD8wXZbstUFqCPWFSD5AHnKseC85grU8IocTeE/K+Uzaf7jD/5ltUzZEpw+sRRTNXQwseW4pWt5/LOY6OdSxDLeU9rAbwIFHjrUUKZjUj4egFzeRHKgdLepJtczAsBKClxznLr+a9z94u/yeZLz5EVBZvTCn3+QT72N/4eb924yid//uf5yHd9H0dOnOLf/J2/ye72FsuDJc6eOk5RFKi8wxMf/ja+8B//d169ep164yT0N3ihe4QPfeJP830/+AmGd27xza98kX/5z/4xHz6yjr59ha3NbTa3D7h7d4floxsc7u0iyh7f9uijPPX4uzj29Pu4dOMWv/GpT/ODP/SHgBCXJF/Qlo/4AEOTnxAEj6nig2vAJjo5eWAPeuf2NYbDA7pliQe63QJEhqlnwc37kL3GhYQMLcwLuM87R1VbxjPNdHOf6diz3lGMhwKBQ8nFGGOehmtFSyy+HveptY6/U6XcgneZ72LC9Ok3IBAilra4VM/l37bxLbxLFpS5jAfqWC7EQn7hXhe+etHTLVCh4dUE59pvaYWTCPecA60ylvp9qmpGpjttnNF6gMSSCQFKoNtYJD5DtPquTa7ytjUOMV64XgrGE9OXoGCo25orVkiohkSgaWo++R//PdU3vsgRb1l5/CkefPq97L54kZk1HDl2nBfffJPbW7v89H/8/9GxFd3N1+l6S5n3OH3yJK9cusK/+Bt/ifebbd66eYfHsVx7QVGfucC9p45x81O/yC/+l1/kcHuLL+9PuTOa8nIz4/2PvYtzDzzM00dP8slf/TW+/w//CFjLr/7aL7P11lt8/Wtf5PSXPs/XJ5bffu11fv8f+D6yvEjmJKxTyptERZEyiISKRjEYVIchxp4xhhRxH/Sz37zIwdRSKIuWkCmNdYaj5x9ASY31YDxUlcHPqqiFEuuDNTNOYJwjk5q15R770yH7h7TI7ndI5YLwLTAvQiJwOA9KKogZT08qcEybrfHeBvztCQWDPuYWfGA1wqYHE2mNDcFWgg9RGcJ3y+h6g5UOuZXIeLzt3uOdy+RhovuO75sn3Hx0fnMPOH/myMx5yTyXH9ZFacXS0gBTV4ybPZQU1K2ALwh7JAVkop+ISkYCoXMiASGDr0oCT0gsBpYm3dJcAaWM67zwvDYm2mbTKa+9+Dwrm3fpmAnPbu/xha98mWvjGdPGsPeFX+f8B97Fxz98PypfQx0cIGZ3qaua4r2PsCt2+LanV1gZXOBsb41vfPaLnD57nHNnT2KUoNNbYvfiKzz78/+Z8p77ERsneM+DF+gPVnj09/8QTzz1NL/wyZ/lxctXePS1V/nhH/lRnnv+m3zoj/woK2XBxU/9MseuXeUdDz6IkHohFqRV8uSRhYjQUcxhlwjZjVjHpnA2eCCnQ4ynJ75AqIZGZDQepkbSWMkRoREClNIo6SmKDqqo8W6KiHBrYoKWSqeojUVJxax2NMwhS8s0zTnd1qZOpzPKsqSuKqx35JlmNqtRwoPMQHictUilkBHGKanxvkJKTdM0lGWHqpoidUaRa5q6QiiJEBnLK32mkzHeLWTfo2JOpxOyooPEMTo8RGU5ZVlEzE0bowTaU+OMwXhPlmW0tO8Cjey8w1mH0jpuBG0JRCvqbVIzrIOxhvXBOllecOv6m/SPnJmvVXQ2yUN4b9tcRzI6yUC29HSCijFgTzAiZcMX80FCybn58m36EOvc3GPisd5zeuMI9zzwIPd9y/u5/su/wNJywemyZH//kOV+hnRfoScl68d/iFG3x1dcga4tT3Ql2WSTUi+xfmyDSXacWdahuPAYzL7C6Oqn6Z16kNVz38bL2RLnj2zwwQ+/BykUSme42SGbN27yW5/5ZTZWSl558Xm+8PkvMB5P+PSnPsX7P/Kt/K4/+5f4uZ/8V9znHb3+Ek1dxXyOb587qX6qbnY+IB/rY4Fia3jCu5WUWBlKdnTKMHshWngRrIltLYyXEqHipkcpdx7GNeTKo4Rkb2o5Uk+5tu+QUiFEyoGkzVtQDiGZVYbf+/1/hPe861FefeErTMt1PvzUO/nyZ3+JZ64M+WM/+kPM7lziVz7/db779/8A+vAWv/QbX+Djv+f3kdeH/OJvfIE/9iM/zP/8F/8s7//Rv8I7+lv81f/lX/Kjf/qv89S9A/YmiofvP8n/+Nf+Eq9f3SHPVIv7jfc8/fRTvHXxIntTxw/9N3+Re/Mx//Bf/Guybo/ppIrY2yO1ZjoZ8c73fRcPrFv+8y//OkVRtMInhcAax9Gz9/LR9zzKJ3/6Z5mSoZSkLEtad/82SBnjFO9ZXupz9tRxbl17k+FwhPcuUr6LixY+L2l1J7pBET3BvIAy2SHZ0s0pCA0wQ3qC0rgQvDsfFKeJsZiLUW0oK5d4Z7j/nU9RXb/Kz/7sJ7mzd4vHL5yjOzjDibU+OEOWfRgvSyyS8XjE5Znn6Ol7KI88SLG3QX95mcmk5jc+8x8ZTSt+67/8Gh/70DmWjj1JPjjO4V7FkUceY/XBx6ime5i9z5Lnipul5pVX3+LdT9yHfvJeJDM+/+mf47VLV6gax9ryErPLb/DiV77Ax37oEwgpMNYipJivEe0SkjLnIYEKoIK38I5EfCglF0gj0ET3QsJdQsSk0HyDgrXU4X1izqDMnMAJRyklNw4tyDG1l2g5L3e3iNbd+5jYkxIa4/jY9/xexhc/y9Vhlx/91sf48X/4L/ibf/fH+T3O8p/+v/+c37p4m7/5t/8Wz/zy/8Evfuk1/qcf/3G++MmfZPnRj/K93/lBzj72bv7gD/wA3/aH/yBv/NI/AiBbOsrZ9QHffOZzDFaXuOfBJ/mhP/4d1Duv8uUXLvN7f+93cfEbX+UH/uh/y+f+00/y9//1f6aT93nwwVNgLSLv8GM/+mM8+dijvPj8V8nXz7Lqx4zqnMof8j+97zu4/9Qy/+Hf/R8cefhJvv397+azn/wPfHNH8OjDDyB/+I/zkY9+iJe+9Fn+1b/7KWTZQ3jXWvhF2hQhWF7qMDo8RBc9rJAY67DWRfcl2sLC9JFU6CCjhZsTDPH3c5PUwjEhRKQ/faxtSlnySGjIkJV3EaOHpBnoTIG1nH/oIbrvfIK7P/8fOXPvEbrLqzTGU1dT8JL+xsOYZoYQFqUVx86f4ZH7NpDTO9jREFdYpFziqXfeS1MNkbqH7F+gKN5JubLC1d2XuO97/wgP3XOMb3zhZyl6Zxj0Ja88903euLzDRz/6YerJZdz+r3B+43EKfR/33neem9cv81s/9w1qrVDdHtba4A3tPEBPsNgnT+k9xP0I0Ct55YgxhMPamFcikujCy7k7jghcJY5dKqQI/LNMdrAtJRfUVqKl4MZY8vxWUDbrJZlSNG4ewIavilviBL2O5u/9zb+BPv0YP/yD38P+3i5vvnGJhoKVQY83L73G1vVb6LLDtcuvs3P7GrJY4tb161y/eZvl5QG/+HO/yvf98J9kduMFru0cAjAej+kt9dnfvcu1W1t83yd+mK3rF8lPP8lHPvQ066fO8fQjT/P6177Br/za57Gm4nOf/U129scYQC+t8cFv/QgdXXPvQ4+wZjfZFx0++NTD7O4fstzxvHn1Nu/5zu/h6aeeZqXf586dG+wf7FMUmkJrLl97kwsPPcBKN5R+pDzF3J7JFp5pnbOyMmB/Z5OmaSJHH+jJUJDn5j/7UEXrmTf5OOda4U/OQcoUV4S/hQgKpbUizzV5FjycVhKtFEop8kzRyTVlrilyHaq3U2zmHL3ScWxNs7K8DE2Fr3YRrgZnwU6RvsKZhk4mePqhY3SqF1GFJu+vki+tk3VXkKPXGV3+GRg+h3JThN3H1fv0dcXW61/l2ivPkUlFZ+U9lCe/l/WZ4T4/wbqGonea/tlP0F1+gLLI6cgtNgZ3uOc972OWl9FjRGjVGnXRvh5MBi3kT3697f0R8whMyNDMJmSoWkmaQsisxs2TKhS5xeAYoUllh8EhpJK/4OaV8PTKkrwskFrjcFifLF0MYiPoFcJiKfkD3/NdTCeHvPb8s8xEh5/4B/8LL3/ul/i/fubX+DN/5W/xt/6HP8urX/4sf/BP/GX+zv/813j1y5/mh//UX+Bj77yPL37tRY4vS/7tv/wJvvnGVU6dOgPA0aPrfOMLn+Hnfv1LnD93lqsvvcR9j70LOdmjMzjFieUeOwebVHmX3/f7vxshCt7zgffzyOMPceH4BrPxhM7ycTYGPS5+8zlWTzzKqV7OK2/e4sF778OZGcZYlHFsLK8z6FiGVUWvW1J0ByyvrNFMK2Ys8af/zF/i/GqP2sS6Kp9imrkX6A9W2Nk94Mb16wEeiBAkWmdbi+eTYniPdyG2McbRWIsxNnbWhf9Cw1BSJBcZKx/peomWoFWAEkqBUgKVFErJ8G+CcqZrO+cwvsSrJZxtEFKi8m6QDWdRWiNVhlQaOxsz2tlD5A/SuA7TxmG9YjocMqu6dNfejXUrTCZDqskYWzcUzU3s7c9x9bUXQWVYO0PQsF/NqKcTJA6Vdcn690N2HLyhkSucvvfdnDo64O6t24xGo1CzFQNxJRUq9tVIIVBSRqOgyZSM5E1MA/iwZqHr0AXiMyYhtRfBrQifCiGCu5VSk/CztU3gy2UBTKOatXxldFWw1pPsVwKEpG5coFpTbN4SKCEHoJjyM7/wSxxZ6XDxhYt0V9e59+wJXnv1VSoj+MbXH6Ue3+XK9U0uPPgYVDtcunyLex98mHq4xZ2dCSeOfIFrV6+z+ltfodSe5eUVPvmv/x5aCVZXS37i7/84B/sHnDh9hvHeFsOZ5ejGGgf7e5B36eeCfq/Hlz79M3z9N3+W/SrQltX2Vaa+y0Zp+PG/+w9ZX9Zs7h6ytLSEdR5bTTjxwOP8+XvOc2NP8pEPvY+f+Lc/x9//xzewzhL6TCSZFOzvD9FSBqyfjFmMI/Is48K5M6ytrTGrDVrEllg5Z5PSnxQrtNoVLVXoKEwtyR4ba49sVMbkvaQMJfTJo0uZKgZoqZT0xzpL3Vg8gllVBU/mBcJMUL7BdE4ynhzQTCsmwzG+M8CZGVrBztWbVPsT9NKRULQYGbjx6JB67OkUxxi7ktLn+NpTTcdUbgnj1jjc3oH+AKscvdpR1A2HzZRqNkXqHO2mCAzeGbQqkcVxvH0B7yp2treRApSWKVqL8ZeMMhg9i/fY1rQv/ImBvY0xmLPBa2sRN04IcCkTS6JeReuGROyPSO2NyWVFkiT0j4icaTUl14tNO0k5Fn72oLRi59Z17l73dLp96umY51+4SNnp0NGeVy++gNSasix467UXcEJTdrpcfu1VhAoNXDdvb9IbDJgM9zh0nkxnHBzshftXmq2tLTKlufrmG8HCSbh+9RpCKfBD9hFkmWLz7i2cEyitmd66yD/4Rz/B0aWcZ597iemsYjhUKCUYj0cxJvDsPvNl/uFsynoHnn32m+RacnfzTrsu6Y/KwvcuMiqIUPawsb6K1hkH44qzgw7nswaLQMc6oJYpY5Es93HDIwQQoU9byjkhkgr3Qq5lHny37JYA6VL8sgg7fOulEnyzxoS9b2bM9u8gjGWpfwpXTanGI8bbO5w8fwHd6eO9YdLtMrx4kULB4OxRqlxSaIuUloO3XmM2m9B/7B2srz6KVpq8LJi+Zamu7NA9lbGxMaDs9Mm1x5gZ09GYu7fvsHFSofKcajzE2AbrPM5M0fmAxkqmkzEqU/ipb1nIdi8CVYf3AicW1y+siXUS5xxKxUSiByNCE6BO1aluId3upcDYBucMSmqIxdcuNSpHK+YiZWJ9KJe3zTR0gkTs1/LNSWQim5K0Wec5Wohg9ZSk2+0G7fXQ6XXAg/WevOy2mLHsluF7PWS5wFqHUJpchfuSWiMA5yV5FhiJvCgRIlCWuizj6snAsXlPlhVROAJ0fO3F53jZOrrdHnlZtMKZyVh67gXgeO35r2KsoNPtoGSCnXMwmxKqSTlCGX0MqEW49+XBgDzPYDJkXYcgvNWjRJIkyjkG3G/3DLKFEmlQgxcRZrlUCj5/f7q4dR7n7Rx3t/cavtABGkHqerTWMalBq4L1ImewtoGSEjkzdHpd0DrAlvw2Bzeusywa0B/CZwJZLuHUkN2tXdxozPqFBofEC4ksl5jt7nH4xmXWjx+NmX2JUgU4QZHnnDlzmnKwQl7k7DY11sHhaEIE+LjI+hljYx/InAj33s2rnKNsQaLOFxqxiE5BpfWJeRCHxQrbbm4aciBlKukIVZEogUC1cKotP49WKVOCynjyLIu1+JGteVtOgbYQMDALUZtjeYcnBfRR46Muhr/jNJKFVt5WCdNno/Amti31rpCK19pPxvdHSkiktGTMhpfdTnhvKnRLFPjbAkAoOj06pOCZmET0tNglsYJEujUK4jxbqai94NYbr/H65jbv7q0icPPuwHQRId6uIIs/J58RsZtHxAkLgZ3SQrUZ9DZPGKlpY2k7+nxcq2R8EutjrCPLFE5Ilo+dIZMO7y1OSBySsYtwzhmk0FghuVUu4Sk4rzLwFVIIKie5JUpUV2EqzxkHWSz9GKqcNx10dB4SuDi8bRjWDcMYE3sE5CW9pSXKgwPWVldQWcbl65epYz4sUbb46AE9MR6bWx0fOzZJCgLz3y8aprhfujUfse1NxA9rnSOkClSjlHhikJ4qKFPA7T0IxWFl6AtFt5TovAQxoS37jlIVuOc5ZKBFzrIVzmQVwrVh3huSpo3MqbuWpkSG/Ey0kKEWK0EavwDxYiWXSOxSpD2TAsR/ezfPdotohUg1S63FCQpkFxZz8U/wEqlWLFHjISiUItT9nD55nPNnT3HtrUvcOBjz1sGUD/vYYy0XMuP4MKkkVc97H4LP+A7vIpkuWeh6jNYoen+Zqn6lQEtBphTWytgDn8xHTHg6h7FhLYwx6CyPVbACRxZkQni8DYk2qRRSxSoBCRQZy0c3YsDviZiN9eMbKKA76JFICu8cqpOzcnwdmWcorVFa471jVM8wWoU7E4LZN1/ESgdZgUeSZQVnz5/n9Nlzbe4jUemtMkQFaU2qm8cZ6bldNH4idaJ6Hzo7vUcLJDJSh4lrXzB18QJBgaJhmnsDL1FasNLNubU3RQsLrmJrr2Fe8v12oUlDd9ocu5j/O6ETn7Y4yWNSRlTrNoVIhX/J/rOgcm7+hQtYNNEQ3keBYx7czu9xrgBzyywW7i0WifiFLxDhm5MvC7oWFnxu4938mQjW/PSpk+zv7nP0yFF0ljNrAmtkrAORijyjigiPbFsBxdxjtXmS8EwiUfUJinnwMhSlOBeMjvWhj0JKYkPSfC3DKJ1AL2dZQaYE3U6JMFOwBpl3sNYxGo0xziCkZDKtmFVTmtmMO3c2WTlxjOzIMTb3D5nUDXfvbnL35i2Wzt+DUIrKwNbmXVZWV2E0YYRi7f77UEXBdNbQUYHk6BY53lksHqkk1c2b2G6BPLKBdx6t4OhSh0cffJC6ajCN+R3VC7SGKWVYXfqx9RjpnaEinFZpApWuU1fd4ltbTWwF2YJM9jhomU/xhIDaesqyxDnDeNawPwmUYuv+I6sjEXOCJm7wvEvcz8VTxCrUaDlasUtWuL0v3wrB4miaJDA2ehUV+y9Cqf58EVJJgvRz1DNfg5RMmtdvpY+2FlcIPPNizN9xB2nZw/MJ1Sau0hprrSmKgqquQqyUqfYq1rkg9Ii2XN0txCDp+0WEY4IQIwavGzyGlC54HR8z6Uk5nW2hmhQ+diaHtRIQaVJBpoJ0dMqc8ZtXMcMhRX/A4cGQrc0tqskY1xg6nZIiVzRlxsGgz52bgsoaesIx3dmld2yF5Z5mb6vGOcXy6lGOHD1Knmm80HQKjccznEw5PDgEkVF0l7AiIysMeI+1lt4H34/Z3UKORrF2SrJ9OCIrMk6ePEnVGOrGRiiZcGKUwbRvvk1W4KCtHFj0KKm2D0A7QvmIFNFaikSR0Zpv4Vyremkh00ZKAY3zaBGoMSsEUon2Btrpfz4h5CjwyV2JsHFzxB2+P5Vh+wXxI95SGkljE/oSc2WxCZrF/yWLnZTRJ5FeaNRI/d2kNXiboIef55ClBapBUf28KSu9UywqswB8mua4oJzeMxxOsbbihZdepKrqSGokLRVJP+OlRPs5512M8xaVJa5LeiUKifPtire/c4hwT0KELkOR/PBcUcLDWerGhDXRGpEVgGNldZler2R381agZs0sKFSnE6eXSDY21tBOUL15lc5yn976MS6/eZWs7HDsTI72FdIb8s4qRZYjpeDokTWOHd0g7/Qpi4LcWmrv0FqjADnoM9y6zXg8wTlP4zwyK+j3l+gNlmhsGDNkF9Yx1aDNtzW97rAx3+GjOETTj0Ng4lRG7duNjXFAqyi0rEjaGAjsUKIJpBQ0zjOtLVIINI7GRh46MjatAkRs6AQhc9+2fRK/U8ZBA4tiOYc0c7sr42wQ1wqpTx7EJ3SYuO8EtmK7b4JNv1PYWyWZo7LWYwjf9pOkz78d+qVX52TpotdLHiB8LCiT84I8zzl35gT1rObm7U2c98xqh3UO4yyRlGs9hAz/QCDahJhERPYqMC5Kxi7DhX0LRs2390m8L+/F3Bi0D5PWOM4sMyEWqRvLHrA3q5ne3eb0uR7SNUhXBwZJ5/hmjHM1zjQhMSckanmZ8sELyKNHYXjIysoSIsvJshyHxssMZ2qcrfA2THMZbd9isH4M+st4Eb57fzik8ZKBysm1JsuyMFq0aeh2umRZhjHNgkFigWzw7YyrsN0O78LIH98arqRQc9jlIhumk60SXsQEVxTKdhhTSBpKqaNlXrCukb3BhwLAmZM0C0HsHP+lL5HROIn5NRJkkHO8n6BMGv7VxiVBTlkIfZlfLQpCgktiXpfU4mufIoV520y7cvFBEi29OJCttUQLoz8Ejsg6xIkt82fy6WZJMDSlR4OKWGM5efI4g36XyjjOnzvP62+83rJMaYkXhT1Rum/rRY8aJFMp98KyRt8f3WkaNhRXKyn/wjq2+Q8/X1mrPNYatA45qE5R0O3moZW1GoE1IEPmXwLCWXANSoRkpaNBrC5BL8PtzpBIMq3RZR9Z9JFZhsfTVAbjBUppOqsbqE4fZyqaaoZxjqpqkKqi07MonZEXZZhKokJCWmtFWRQUWY6zpp2mlub1CkWLoVMyMIsLENqZA/O1yFQKQEqFhkhjtrhNthYnmq/Y1K/DZBMxV5I5jnVh+6UKXbAtDEkCnaCSmA9fi8rTwodkjX38e+Fzc5UMm9tm/gW0wbH3LTJIllwyV2cfGR0b6T/VYm7Xepu5V/HtNRJYC8ozh4hzrV1Qwfbfc5+XvKSMjUsSgXcBt+u8E3MrNiLY4AW0Vmgl5zFBWuf2qsnFpwFyEUr6+f2GvU70tl3oI4mUhl+kjsOnXDveJ9C9qQ7MO0dzsEOvV9Aty+DBe+v4wxl5VoW6JdXDuyYIGyE3o1QGxswhevxqFWEneFzTcHDjLls7B5w8H4s0pcY1M3wzY2V9nWPHj9LtLiF1ztg2NJN9mnoN4XrgmsA2KUmWKXBZy4iGRKlqjXhCR6lHfXFk0NzY+5j7EWil0BKJ9CbKnpwHfTGrrqWMg4IDRfm2aQnRgrrw3WgIvSBzeW//SCEiGxYHCCfxFXOBEoCX4Tch8J6X1yf8tKgUreeIsh1imdjD7RdgVaRhnfcMul10ppnOZsyqZi7LC44xfSaBNB+bxOYZFMLPrZJHv5vae0nDspNigbEuMkcCpSRb23sIqdjZ3eLVNy6RZbE/Q8zBWtKwxcA8PX365lRr1Ja3JwVqDU1UqQQhiIsVFSr5Ue8XvjMqJTGTrvKCbGkJ09S4IkNgcZN9aKbgoK4teIeWoX/HNoa6qti6e4fGGBoH09EwKJs1mNmI2Ugie12Yzsh9w4n1FYpYQyWlROUFQuVYYzDVDJMXSOsRIowQCrOrDJ0ipyzKVg6SAUlKnnbrbaxVglJvB0PgfUsL20h/axasolywmDKW/4bFShWkCUxHK+VjcBs/aQHEwvTwKP/twQaxd2HeG/H2dlwdJ3k0Ng2iC3FB8lqe2M9Ae/mFhxTzIR2LsNqnkntHqQS/790PYwS8dmubr796Ga0STezbz7bP6OeQJLFoaYXeVrbebgKhPbwlIMJCd4uCxy+c5uLlG4yrBu88KyurFHnGV778Eju7B7ERzLfDzqSfG4C5i1v0H8lIzX1e6/lJ3jV8LmWQnIN5LJb2KPlo0T6FJ8HCkDBu6prdvR0yHbLqdWOpjKWuDePdPXZ3dylzgbA1w61tunisg9qGb6rGh4wPdvF1zbip2B9OWcq6yEKGtuONNdTNm4yHFXsHU5ZEGQagG4OZDRH1GKmOoPMOOINSCpWXCJWhiy7jWU1VN0EGo+D7+U61azO3EcmoRsLGBzl0IsJaQkwsAK2Vom7MfJuT905MVcJlrfVegD0yuWe/iE7aMZYLIKOVXEcolCslTE0qzQ5lIZ1Mc3xQIJzjta1REE4h4kQUWuLJi5QMcgvWXywMl0uBssThOCo8TytH6SxntKV/z71curUTKD6VLGwoS5GERJ31Hq1Uu8RJMn0iABKeazcgXCd5UyJEtN6jpefC8VVubu4wnNYIIXjnE4+zsbbGyePHKYucupqA4HdkecN3uLSeC94krFt8biHDtPwUP0g3n0eGa7v1U3zhPWH6/tv++LnyCdrvapqKZ776ZXy9z/jgEO9yROZpZmNGu9uo8YjTp85ibYNrRqytrHDw+iUGwrJ24hi3b23S7ZSsZoKtG5cp1lY5dvQo/fXjaOEwZoo+3MPt7VGeO0un2yPLCprZGDcbM2okV2/c5kyxTKdvMcZhvcQ0Dd6FAYYHB0MOhyOEkJGRJUI40eY20nO1Xh0fHUD0NKnpbNGtIND3b3S5umPYrQxazvnfZC19ct0+WlQf8rJBmUKWNi2tFKId+ZjyHYs3JkQoR3nyWJdeJvnSjRE5Aq2Ca0VKhjX0FBwb5NwemsjmBDrSO4+XqYQ7jtlMypvsqE9WNohFgef+WHvjtOTaWze46I/wzKXr5DrOmPfpkT3WW4qioJPn7I/HWGPIlJoropi77TkimYMi0Q66C++TAmpjGU1rOmWBtYZu2SHPc1559Q063bKd6Nd6wAUvvYB65h4zltEElxDNkIuCIQnD4VLQvuB5RNpPn5idt9PoYuH5EgvW1DVPPv0tbN96k+dvvkKmJb3lJepC4ic1e8MDRrd+FikbOse+BytL5NYW2f41hptXEO4kqjxFM6lxN2+g8hxRv8bhWz9Pb+UU2j6EfuUFOpOKfu+9FOIu2m3RUX2EdWxsbHDm7Dn6y2sIIZmMRzhnGQ6HSF9zJOtzcHDAdDwh14pGENdTvm3kj/ALtYZpWRMkbo3v3O+k/dWrXc3OIWxPHciF8yyIUzC8w7ngYXygA+J6hnHyqdnfpU8tfFHL3cfNDhDLkmtF1umyXNYUeR42RAZFqYxlODWcXMrZmYZ4pTJx6IBYgHmkcpIAAVMNVrDgCTCGpt87Rc61rkIp6NdTdl74Crl0NG4eQaTyj42lAX/kIx/j1Noa13e2+OIrL/PspTfmUz8WYpO0UotLuyDKwcuJ0AY6axqKPPT5N6ahqmuObCzz67/xTZq6aRub5spBu7aJzZpnzdP3zOOLAIET5J1fQ7R7LeYC4dutYa7uMcJa8NLWGLK8pL+0wqYTrBy7B2kv0YxuIbrvoPZ3GDnQWYEXXZyx1M5xXRScRnFEeZxXIBSbleXNBk7pLmekQucZUgtmVnGlUewbzXHXMNv8LZzeoVj7IGMX3lf2BvjpNWSm6HdyRqN9BoN7GSwvsT+asH5kg42N9cBYLcDxebVyIK4Xg3BPLDFpWzDnezf3pR59alBy8ZanTRAS/u0X8DbIMDEi8a8JeMQNDfVFSRliriR+4SIf7/EUWvLC3TGZmmGdIHNxNqz3TKeA1Dy0VvDuY2GAghWKSeO4vT9py+qFD5bep+RlSBfPfxbJdIDPNaNMcroOdTkvzioGmaKUnqZ1HiKMgpGa9z/yTh4/fR/GGJ46u8Z4OOWFt95qSxRiVNLCnyCPfgHqLSxwFNK6MVQWMp2HgL0xDIdDrt28w8sXX4ktn+Ey1hGZoASp5Dw73tK98byLBIUQ7aikxerUVGSZYpCABcR86jsxvdqug2/bo6VUyExw5+Y1lgZ98OEEqbJcR+gCaxyNaRBZj6bz7RS5ouhohJaYsqR35EFc/ySYAzplNyja+gZL6+v0jr6f2fRd9I4ewd25iej3cUyQ2RK903+YTjdj1ii2m1dZEjok7cbfxLq7NO6D3N4dc9yMyHSfwfopbt7ZDxXREMtm5inZYKhjnSEJwgbmspX49PwLCcVUgKqHs5rdqQkQZ37JSEuGvo0w22o+BWOh+Tbc1IJBS5nYeenHPB+SXLf3UNlAzY2sQytNJ8s5d1pzMq9ZmghmRtKIDIPi1ErO+uqA27tDNvcOaRqD1qHgLk0nDCdLJcsdMg5eQMc6ftfU8C3ATCquFiXaG0RjqIUmw4cKLyE4sbbOw6fuZTSpkAJmtePWzh6FUkysmffsL1gcH6th5+HgHHD5BYU5ODxkWhmcsZy/5xxPPfkOmsazvr7Onc27zCFq7HRbwMv4xJLG5KsLPjuM8pEtJc6i8sTEYWIlA4W80KeOWKA5FzyfmBMQ1gT64uiRDe5cfgVrGm7sdDh/9jTKTNFKUzWWz3z6UzTW0ul0sKMhq0d6XL11ie03r7KyssLhwZDR7IBi9ZD92VU+97nf4vBwyPGTJzi2tsrgoccwm3exImN/rNncNxw/ukpHOMpOSacskEvfTTU9QO6OOH7iJPbwWVzvPINTF9hYW6HIM4SAMMotEkhR+J2LaxAZUu8XE4mhwtPFTk0f410lwj7oL255RNFFVrP5huBbayMBfHBdWmWtF0nLarxAxXGYTghmRlB7T6Y8hZKRKYiUqAg5FSXCYAeD5xSex0rN2nLJh79Fc/rpD/NT/+kGr968S5UvI4VlzwmeuPccH3lHj+FsypVbd3nlynVubO1hnKPIVFuPlaxAAj/DukZlEqkU9fkH+EMXHqDcvc3XX34Be3DIRGkOGk8/k9xz5AQXL1/m03evc9/xUzxy/+PsTWaBnrWR5/KJAIjrlMiMuF6t56INKBBIrm/uAJLaec6cOcl4PGZWO8r+Mu72nRA7CdqDNZWSrZdoY4gUPyRPkPIfi8aH0EMjHcjIFiTS2cXJjCJ62aDvsn2OFgVAKA6c1Zy79z4a49jZ1/R7A27dvswvPP8ctmkw1YQj3Yzd/RnXNnfxznDP0XVOr3W5fuUlruwtcfLUaa5c+m3uX1ecOLbGcDjm2Rd+m4nNyZ9/iacvCE4d22BqFL/wK59hZj0673B8ZYliOubG5j6j517Go2kaz4UTK/S7JWrwFDNXsXXta+xsC7yQVLWlaVLbgp9XKvvkWRe8a4yniUYiDcYOqYx5y7MeVgJ0Fw2YqCSpxidZH2/NQsdaAhhhZtCFZU/jFVpqMhqOLxus09ycaN7cC11aiOTWQRA8knWOs/feyz/7f/0Fejub3Lj4OuWxFe555H7+6O/7TX7za3d5bXiUYxfew3gywVU1m1PDrbvbvOPCBb77qUfZGU348mtv8sJrl5g2noNJHTKsUtA4i5aKU+snqfdus3n/IxSPv4eTArLZlL/9fd/L4MgRnv+lT/LLu3v85kSwczjk6t1NrLdsXnoNOgNGpsHFwyIDnmnD8XbBUw4huWf/NuMf/tc4z4nC84FTGolhqddD+REHu1tt741IcI35ZwMl4ucHxUSFlGIOwRL0Wkw8BRlJnszPS+VJIDm+h/n3OR9ac1OuSvhwuOXmndu88PIbDPd32d/d5cq1mxwejtjoVpx+4CT3nTmLE4KlTsHZIysYY1gfnKF71MNsykMdR7l0HFNssLHe5QOrE5599S1OrSk2lnapJ1eQ8izdUrO/O2SgplR7N9CN4dKbV7jywiXKouT4xjLjnRMUSwN6BxucOL7B7tBz49pldPadIS5OQyqEQlgiIzkffBEUxrcwqqW5fZh06bwLEN4GxdECR+NB6w6yMThrWv8BAccqlbXYN7Ed1sGJQcPRDtwcZmTC8tBKxQ887bm953nuTsaVg7nOBhwtF2qKJA+fPk1//Tj3fegj3P/9XSbjl7j01b9O2T/gu393wcfVgPve/2M0xrD36r9hsPEk/+BfK372F3+ek6sDzp86STcvOT0oKHPFcJqxMzHsTxqe6vf5XR/9fqbPPsvSaIuvzqZc2LrOPcdOUaF49TOf5+k//9e5/32/nx/8lX/L3V6Xi8MhS1pT6AIrDK9cu8TBeBQ8ZziArlWAIFzz3s5U7Jbe4H2wwgqJ9GHoXdcYPtyFN3bu8PqlN3n91VfZ291FZVmkOdK1xVwR0s9vU0kWsvrxqB0/j09EvJ/EWMmFzyciQEnVQkLfConAxp4G7x1V3dDUhvd/7GNcvnqdf/5P/j5FXrC01OP42hLnNo5TDI6RywytFAfjKdecYzydMRxP6C4tcXZtCS8l13YPmdzaptPtUJYFeZ5x6thJOiuPUvZ66IMD1tdqsmKHkxsTlkXO5gu7PHFhlWJ/TONXWetrfvuZF+j2+5w7dxYlHWfP3YfMOoxHYzaOxkxe3AspExoKldDWg3Mi5PWSg3eCdEKyFQFupzLZUNUgBcYIEBKZFWFqxTzYmFstHyNS7xFS4iwc7TlGRnJn6iml45EVy2hquX4g+K3rDQ6NjhAg9W+EMgNBJ9fsvPg8P/Hn/gKPfOAp/tCf/+84slqSlUtYU7PXhHO4lRTITHFz+zV2tz7HR594jMvPn2I8G/HsxZcxztHJc+qZoVCKe9ZzrDjgex9/Lyd27/DNt55la6nPWwcHXHn2azz14GM8qTLE9l2++Y//Lp3TD/HqSHBHW0qp2vxCYzxbB3sgQy7D41tWqYVQc3El9UR671FKo5ViODrENDZ2uXW5qXpcaTTvXxvwOSHZPhhinUNFSy+FjEcX2zZOCD3/icWK4FHM4VVK2KbftQcHiTnMTMeMpYmPIHA2Nr7FZwnOUbT9JJ5whrtDcDgc8q0f/Tibt2/x2c98CpVl+OmIZtKwtTcDe8h0OmXvYMTlyYRjq0solbG1P+T8cpdjhWZfZOzvjdkbVxxfG1AWBVdvbzO7cpPB6hr9MmOlExqmZvJeSulY6X6Dk2ceZlNuYa3AmZp+p0RrzcHhiC999Tk+8vHv49U3ruCdRatQzR28ZuBVZWwiEz6kBLz0hKPUFj11IHASkxji2mBsNAiUDLg1ywtcM221Dh8PEiHM6LXtWdLh970CDmdBZaUCLaBoJF+4rnj9QNHPA6Zrh5Ql2k2GM8LXOiUrgy6zcoSQI/LiCEXZp54cBM2Wy6isz97uVfammq1JzWuvfZ6LNwyPntrgwuP3s3Uw4ubWHlXlGDeO3arhCTlgPV9i9Mxvcrbs8kkrqCRgBd+4/CYPDJY4pwWT3Vv0Hn4fvae/g8kzv4EuMqyz4UAb75BK0LhwwM2c51n4s1CFkALcpjGcOnWKf/5P/1dG4xFvXb7MjRs32Nva5LXXX2HWz+kcbPEt7xjwzNEj3L55M5mhNpBWauEwnBT8RwgQ4M+cCJEiGKw0TCIZokR3tgF/Cy9oIV1i/BYJl4DbHcI5TFRU5xw600iteO8HP8RsWnH9xWep9ne5snPIZFox6HdZWe6xsdLj3NE1msZw9WDGWpnRkYZjy30aYxhNZ5w/to51nst3ttjaP0RuHZBhyLIMhGJp9wBZT3iX8rx54zaHY8NwOME4y9rR44wnEzqdLu/7wEfYWD8S5nGVOVJE69/GZfPqiMU1TJS4iJW9Lg5m96TSeIFpwgA/XTvH/NhlhdQFzlYtYPUejLM0oqCJpe4u/QLLsNFYJI0znBvAufUO922UPLvlCHMhYhAbm39c3NhUu1Z4TzHy1NWYonyQvLPOZHSX2mv62QZKdzDVLVY6+2S54KffcNzar7h7cJmNfsFjJ9d5x7ljDKuG2wdT9ra2ePzCE5x6+L3c+vrnOcgzbvo8BMBKUjU1L+1u05eaXibx21e5mw1wUoUkmxMx+RlOdTXWYFxDcqJppI+YA6q2hEGKgHlXBgPe8773MlgeYK1FKcXlS1f5b/7oJ6juOc3OZsabz3ydl9+80Z5nEdpmU9wwjxfCILgUo0QGSiRaMq3uPP5BzKnbALXCP5wgsl8C60zrneKFW68UUHQY/NfCDKV56/VXybXmox//Ln7r819gaakP1T6u8RR5RrfI41wux/b+IdO6Rug+3aIg1zocoRGfoTYNAOvLfaZ1Q6Y0mfCMqgbjHTNjmR1OcAPLC69dZs8rBkry2FPfwh/44R/j//MTf5/V5QEf+87fTW0MWgmyvMCYBDcJR9kRAvE5a/U7IGXr+0PcldayZRSFQEspqY1HC9m21or4Jfgwud05QW2giYkm5zz9juTEimA6c1TSsdF1qEJz+dDx8p0ZtS8oxEKPRPQkCQ87Qs9ApgTZoWHn2h48UFIUGxS5xNcVZScQA/sHu7z02ogXXq74xiueslDgcjaHNb/24jVWy4yTaz1Org1YWl5hNDzk1gtfQ1jLjpAMrSOLgue85bed53ndpZsJzJVLHFqPLvPYWShxeKwF4wzj6RRrXRt/hQB8gQ1pM03zgLjb7WGMo64Ms1mNkJrbmzuMp1NubO/yjVpwYmeLdzLlRQFCSTqdMgSU1mFM5JpS7gOBisL7tlhuAQYT5Lr10ik/s8jopSBGiEDEpFldqW/HiwUyQAbvpLVGSsk9F+7jgQcfpFN22dneob72Kk095Nigx7Vrl7m9OUUXBQ8++DBvvPEaB/t7/NCP/QlO1ttcfeMFXtu7yakz5xg4+OYrL6GkZLnfQWcZtjHYZsrZU6dwqssbb73JkaU+g07D8ZWjMLNsjDb5oR/4ft75gQ/w6ovfweU3L9HtL3FweMD2zh6z2tBYT21cqxiQYrU0zeS/Ds4TBghr4iOTGHrlhWCxWHFO8SVq0XpBVQcMXVlP7VI3X7h05uH3PDqjNhXeCfYnmtf3cvYqH8yVVwsWan6DCb5ZDHiDmVZsvXiZNy/c5JXrfTr+PGfOPMr1ixM2X/tlnv3q1/j6c4qv3HJUxsV6KU8mJarImTaWV27u8eLNHe7XmmNscfHSS9yjBZ2s4MSRY1hTIz0UZUmnKLh2+xY71qHyHBVbsMLBy+l0WShzTVcWbI8NM+PjaJ+3Z5znmCv6E+fp9/vs7e5z+/Yuo/EEITU3rl3nW97zFGK4x31Xd1nr5vzxk30urRznOd3j6vWblJ1uRFpRE+ZsQAor4gTENHyCqJTpM4S8SPzcYtDf3qinVfY5E9aqWPssmQpKmWuFkpCXBQiN1xpZlOzu7vHhp9/HhfOP8drLL1KUJS9/7Uv8o3/yv/Izn/xpDnZ3+O//6t/gV//eX0aYhrtDydHOCk88+hh0B3igV2Zcfv0VGusouj1qKVnZOMaxBrq+QbNDb3mFM8dX6N+BjY11ykzyznc9ybueeopTJ49ysLfN3v4+Ak9ZakQ8ncv7SF975ucY+pBMTknAtGfeqxaiElGCacvdPShE25+NdxgrmFUN08mQnb0Sr+LRa15gXYhZRjPPnQPLE+csgwL2R3BGOrx1WNdDixgUiflGwnw+r0MyNLEn2DSMDw9YXuryxDs/hlbfxu5Bzouf/+ds7H6F0WjMB3qOetnzm5uWctFFeo+QUGaKmVP0sPSEYoZn31r6eD64ug6n76WQklwXXLtzk6s3blDIoOyRSI2LKLCR0q0bSzfrcHyQsTsZM6rq1voGKx2xVWujw+tLS0vc3dzk7uYW0+mUPC8ZjQ5YWVlFvPESs61b/JtslY+fu8CFasibqycZTB2rK6soAXm02m8zLiJ499Y9yPmyzo9ESAH3wnyuoLOkui4pW1/XKrkgWcWUQwivO+fo9bqUnZLp8BA7G2KGhg0z4oyqKXaucd/xo7zr0TPcvfomnY2C5775FaajXbrdjM/+yid56WCMuO8J/uTaKnp/myOj6zx0z4CsCMH2V7deY38E/UGP2lc8fv8Zbm4sc3KpQ/X1T/OuRx7gI3/gh/kv/+qfsLFxBJ3lZHmOzjS6LENHo7OUuaZfZuRp2EWCqmL+LI3xNMa2ZxgGh+FJrQDeL+azwmpq7+MxzThoZtSzinvXBe/ov8StawrXLTC1YNq/h36ecaxQ3KksSkhqp2kai8GjZch+V1NBVwUaN/mlNHVEeh8ciwwCvh9vVnhPXTXQ1Jw9fT+He2/x7/7D/87OcI8j0tPzDeuZ47C2ofw93XGCEB68E+AtBYLCew6sYVN6TlrL/S9+iTe2brN14R0cWVlnfzQK7JHUsWc7LGRyvcIntys5mDVICYPeEtaPmKTe8WhtEmqVsaBRKsHGxlHG4zG7O9uMx2MQktlkiMSzXBZsjsboE6eQOqeqoTdY5kLZYWVtDWNshD6/o0swfqf1Amd92wGq0uhj2tsJQXbrHcTvqND27c7EeuFApHgfT4FN2FxgjOUbX/0ykxe/gt6+zWznDtXwAKop7+rUTK5d5ODK8xw4i2wqunqFf/uP/w658OSZ5uu/oZBC0RsscWT/GheaA6rbL6GqCUIJZNHlW7s9/KrAiyG5UvDSr3EGT9ZZwh4ZUGy9xOjf/22mteenf/WXOXX6ea69dZkzp09xem2F6cE+nW4X62FWGZrGIcU8ARjGFSVmKvV7tJwji8PykkGRYg6ddU/PGDY1pjJIX4NwPH3OkKsu180pHlopuVB9nZdGXWRxnFXvueUFmVYgNAejGUiJ9TCeCPbGHe5OXWuhvBAI59vyaifCAe7SCw6tZxbfM9rf59LzF7l054BvPvPzbN69y10Hb9WevlT86s6Yl0eWXKQALNXNpLqbMDlR4SmkYOLCyVgdPGel4IHbl/j81i30uz5AI0ODD6TSF98q22Lg7bxnbXmN4XjIpDH0OyWzJvRzpJOmhBA0xjIbz0CEWb8XL77MseMn6fW67O3tIoRm5+4tpJ8x6a5yetDle6s7DPY814+fx0gZTrbF0yk0WoRDg2K83JaPLGbKAwO1eFT0IkRKOZGkZHOvsHjYKYuWlvl5jcJDpiSj0SGf//SvMcoqerZhPB0jhUTjqZsGZSteaXI2ZZ/7uwPUpOH3fMv7yNeOUGrFG5/5JLPDMW60z3Z1wFjC2vpRjt7zBLPplM3Nm4y39+llikOvGDUNp/odjhw5itke0kzGSH+TumnYWjrJpcPP8GJZcHd3l3uPrJJ98RcpBxv8vqceo1N2mExrrGvaOGPxfMIUh4SVc218llitsAwO74LhscZgrEMv5zVmMmTPKjIRexhcjZZd+rJmtrNPeRSWgcNK0NhAhzV1w92DireuKxpfcG0C55cqhJ+A7xFqoyIfLdLRY6IdTCcFTJBs+4wNITGzCRe/9Gk6DzieuAd65Tle3ehz7uwpVkrFT/3zfwV+r4VCrRT7hC9D5e5b3rNqHFJ4jgnBXdvQ8YoLecFDkwPElRe5e/zeiNEXAol4HRvtqvMeIRUPP/AkewcHXHz9a2ip0CqjcnUbIjhnObXa4/HHHmc2OmR7v+Hu7dtcvnyJ+x54kKqqMK7i+rXLnNno89rhmEmt+ehKj09t7zE58RBLeYe98SaT6QStJEaEBp90jIEWMk7JDwqZzrgKQXx4PdW4GZcCUtHC2dYDpdhkobEKEWyFa1uPw/urpuH0uXv40Lue4tIv/RTWWiov0I1nD7iuOwidMXOOCTPqJuOMmHHxxnUmhzXve+h+HljrcWW4x9akoec8Vni2t3fZGVXU1lFVM6RrUN7SV5K3Dhsmosep3/2dDKczXn3+Ge5cucTxaobcusTR4jJ5f4kNa5nducTXleBQdjn5nm/lIeeYNgZvE17xLbuYjEDyGOm1RPeSlAkgMrpN47DWo1dKz4HM0Docc4a1WCUYFPs80T2kLD2VAW9DpnFCYFGQkonRNLbh3Jrh/uOSa9uOiYHax/70FJG3NOLc1TshGSwLjt2bsX7iLBcefYoHnjjNiXNr5J2TfIvoI2U4x+L2tWe5/1jNrWsSRRM3NXaiLECjzMOOh191nsek4LxwdKRiQ4GiYT3THExnLDsXDiZFtAuTLE6wIyH3sTxYp8i7TCd3cF7Q2NBE5X3IcMtYZ/a9H3qSH/6jP8Jod5t/+m8+yb7LsNWYl579KlaEc/OOHFll9fgxOisVXH2Fm+Oar9eCM9WMJec5HA2ZTcf0ewX4JpzNIeIEExaFe/5v4n2Hv1nYfBZyH3P/kFoGUtTk2wAlxFUyEimhUNGwtLrORz7+ndz97M9iGks/y3nsO76Xquzz7LPf4PWXnscIjTc115samwu2vvkNblWe8VdLvudcjx3ruTIzlEmJmwY/2QUhyJUKSb8GlnXOybUOjdb83C/8LLvGsbI24G4+wM5mPCAr+hpOLmVc3a25ezDleKmouz3e3NxmMqsZdMEs9Mik/o8AHV0boKez0tPs4kVPk5i9ujEY59Afu2+fn5mtcHio0TLMAkJPMN6ipCMvQwCvlMUaRyUkZCWIYOl2mxq35zjS95SlwA+O0htlHJowZVtIgbehFkYqSZ5n5FlO7TM+9rvey1/4b3+IlaPvoFMOgJB3qGd7bO5ucnt7zCuvXkJs/jzf+viUZ1/p4KzGuBC34Gys6bcBEjmP8A7jQFYjlmmwPsAK5yUb0nNbCEyWB09JJG59KNlIgb+Lo3fWVo7RGM/u4VaIUYBOkXF8oMiUYqWr2JlN+elvPMsvvPQCq+UGS4NT3L71FoPJFbpFzjeu7nNkfZ33vPe93N3c4cHlDif6GZPhmFXVp9fvUzcVuzvbGNNQZhIbiyshlffMjQw+xA61dZHSFBEqBgWQKpzOW5uY6FICJcKYm1DSTzQCoh1h6l0aKxQThV7gnYPGUM8mIW9lLR/8sT/BB3/sT1N2epz7P/83fv65r1IeWeWFJuPN7V2GvVX+n//9X+W5F77JI+sdOhe/wLjexXhBgyNDIrVACxXqpaSYj/10llKDszWrQtA/c55ru/sInfHYd/8hOi/9Ntx+K/TxW8GxXs6y8nz7n/zvWHnyg+F8STevqk6nEIQDml0Y1u0cLg1Ti8ChBdWJpGIer3jv0b0Scj9mNivo9XLQBaNxybaYUWQeKTxZBrYJQlkIgRAKj2BicyYWMicoG4mShtvDQyq/Qa6zuAiS2owxpkGQ4XWO95JO0WHYnObq3hleu3mN8XCPrbs32du9TVNtU2SH1NUhZ5a3uP/oLi+NPcdWeoyrUOGqpUQKjzUh9pBaoUQ4psBNptx39VWGjefQC5YE9HFkHjZMzd1unzLv0JgpEM4BJ3ZTOsJinjx2llPHzuNRlJ0u9sCFIwOyktOPv5tud5lmNmHzja/z7kfvRQp47mtfZe/WZfLeBpcOMpQCWQ44rCz7B4fc99D9uFde5hEteWuwxJHBGfKigzENqUey39GYWqHjTFrj0kjMOVWZaRUUycGs8XGWVkhs2sbS2CgMPoTkaaKisz4MIRce48LPZS7R0Qt7KzEmVGgba8m1C1Z2OubCBz7Ou/7Aj3K4u0fdb6ibhho42uvyl/7c3+YL3/gmP/tT/4bnL73J/nifTz/zKX7w2BLjrMO+gcJbcA7lZGTSFKLxeCXIhGBoM6gtOhOoXPODP/QjfO6rX+bLX/gtzjzyLi5eeoljMpaw99ZoJvv0soZup8PG8VPMhgeYJlRApLlXwnu8mRM58wgzxZipGTmebOtc64FNNOpaSegWMoz38R6hHPgZZXeAEkOkMugMdJbH7GwKbj1jl/HKcI37mHHv2pTPXF3iTlWiCo8WDkcYsZ/lGp3p0PXnQpBdCPjs53+D57/5DKfWuhRFEFRvLdJbcDWmqfmcr6nrnL0DH91kYGics/FhZaCUnY0nCGV4V1Gbim0C21P7AA+ll6yZipMKer0+O7sjtBYY71qqrbEWKTWnj19AyAxjLHkWj0yQAmMN/U6PXm/A5v4OG8sbfODJ95FlPTbfusGdnReRoo+UBUWnz8m1FaazCbeuXeXhbkHnzdfRusGtn6Z75B6qugLnOHnqNMurG+wPp0ymDToL3sG6BAHDkQXWeTKtybWkWyqWe4pJBfujOiiJC0F8KJ/wNE3ssotl7cbL1IaPB2aNQ8lw/caYcGiMlu1A1Xo6pbd2hPf+yJ8KB5pOZ2gHdV0zm8Hxpz/Cfe/7Nh754Ed56JHH+af/7/+B4WTEPf2SaWORSwPW3JSBdeA8CoNUGU4JcJ7D3jLZidNcOH+e67fuMJ3N+OBHv4uH3v+t/Mp/+TRCCL75zNfYHM843eugbc3D7/0Yz730HM32q2glaZo6NpnFsNR7EK71TgmKeua0bvu+qCJzrxGvESN63Tjo5RbvwyQRjyfLPMIHtkYVAqwnkyZsFCJOQHSAwlCCEqyWQ/7o4zVf3V7it245jKc9i1wQ5jwF7OdwAowxCDtETaeM93JmSoZSjaDaOGM52tOMJo5LO55eBpLAPgmh0EJiCePupQhzZK0LZd0TFJnKkHWF8J5KCCqgwaG9QE8nNKbGex8wq4izcCO2N03FeDZC6j54Q6cow8m9gKkbbly7zJGNir2d29y9dYWLLzzLmbMXmNZTGlcwOxgxKGaYPGNnp2Zluce3Hdvgg1vXKQYaU2mG1tF4h7WhnVkrhfOSO7sTmqZCK9XCqzQYMAXftfVMa8GkgiJT1AaqJj2Hp7HBq4iYDLQOpPTkKs3WkggZMHjyPIJQqKhajG7BOmbjCScffzeDsxeYTScIKagaC6bh1PGSez70cabTioPZhHe998P8k3/3M3zq//pn3Pz6r2Do0R3tk3lPR4NyoL1HaxfG1WhJOdvHcJyllQFHrcEhuHDveTrdkn4v52D/gDs3LzNF8lzdwZU5R4+dwG0dUO1ejqd30fZzBMVPBs9HiJ1o36QUbXBGC64t84A9KREePW08/TxYWkkaPSOYVA2q8Sx3Uo1RwOpzUlGQeYvAMaPkZ15f5hMPHfD9Z+9w62CVi4cDCmnxTuKx2HhQqPAgvQ1Tu03NVAq0ayjzcB6782GGu7MGN5Oc7Wa8vtXg6lgC4gP374SJkIhwCI+R6MxTKoWeTug1BoOkLyFzsOsdmfCsyoJpXTNrqpiMSyXhEhuHmQkpyYsSaw3O1JRFl0znGFMhhOD61SvcvHqF+87dy+mT9/Krn/sSD52/hXASrZbpDEp6hcTTkNuaR8/fx2NHjlJcfBlrGhohuNM0TGazNr3XNBV1U+MBY8NRaomsSwWDQki0lOGYNymwNniAEGMFz9FYhzHhEMoiV+TRSNl0rEHsRkzkhowFkt65BbIi/mws3hmKIqfIJO2x3kWGaGoee/+3cvShd4Y9yQocnrP33MPSyip9VZGJDqVzqOjJk9dKlcUS6PuGma3YORxSW9CZpHGealbjHdT1lOlkhHWGy65gqXccdXBI2S3x9z3BsPGoxsZzHWlrr1pV8bEQ0Yt5x2BLzvgQa0VHI9xcOWoTznvUCMFS5lCExhJ8mJ+7vCzYvA6HI8n6cjjVTQiPdB4pAgs0UDOeXNvntckGVyYDvnp3ytlBzdFixouuD94hfRyoYEN9fhgKF7hFYxrGM8ikIxe6PY5XCI/ywcsUXiCswQhFKmF2zuBlsgYSKyReOpQL1bSD0QFda6mUpMCjRRjzr30YbLdbzeLYGI9IA0tEKK2orCXLOnSLpVBNUE0Y9Jfp91bY3r2JVoq6mmKc5a3r1zh/5j6Orq1RDS/TLwtstkSWd3HVjGY2gXLArUOD6zdksyE0M5CCpjsgKzpgqnDYqQjB9XRmmM4MUom3sVUAWgcBUyLMLTORdTEuQAMbIRYChINpZZhGej0YTY8StAKSKYlQksnMYB1tFbEN5yBTdrpkWrVJU1M1NMYhaw/VhKNHjpJVY+pRhTUWnRc8+8wX+NQv/jpHxRFUT1BmNdIFSF1IEY66i88kFUx9mFOgXI2pZ/T7axRZjhWK8bTC6xzygumooTaW3DbsbG1ya3sbv7bEjtZseEcV4adzoXpDERN+PvSA2Jb+pj0VGHw7gUcyz2055gMztJfQzy1auZb+qxrIOxmVd+xNJBvrFjeLMUTMHgjvGVnN8a7lxmRMKSTSKyZGsDsLCNa72AoaT3KqjUdJh0pwxgtmjWU4qRDW0M8VSBHhTBiKfdcYpAsDFqSY07DEqlstXZx2GpJmxhhcHY5Tls7TkZ5uHLItcWwJxZYDb+O4zygMPg1KQJCpAtDkuY4FhJaN9ZPs7m9iTZhHq5WmMRWTyQGnViX9fJXDmePa63cRQtCRlmntkMWI3YMx3zU9zYXZAc45plnJy5ev8fxbW5QaMq0ZjyYcPX0+ZMqdAynxft5THvqrwxkfqZjORG/jSN1wQfghjM318UDPlNBUUuJEPA46C0fVGWvp9sqgHCqLXYQOO9xn+MJXaPa2EJMhv/kv/xH1wTbZdIhqJmR7N7hbG3a+9uuMvUIUBUMHyjR8d3+MFp7bU8GJJY0T0JGCtTxY+V6esVWBt461TpeKPZZufgMnFExzOr90me3f/s+8b+cl3vXYUUTZsOnGzLodVpcy7u7eZKWuyX2f4eEMLxUmK/GNwbuadNRFGJ8avIgQhLg4lumolCNhfsR2GtiUKkAEHm0FoX9ceoyUCBHyC4eHFZiGk2uplkeFC7mgclrA1ChuTXKePjFi562gta9uSy4NO2Ri3r8QLJZr6TfrXGQJ4vV04K+ntSeTAmSgmB0eLwQ9Jdmu4zRzQj2RIAx6sz4oVBOHP7hmyjAD0SlYqyMENJZCCAoHs+VV9ozBGoPOFbW1UemCQCkpmcwOuXXnKqdPXMBbweF4jzzLOX/2Yfb271DVU5pqxtGNNcp8wnS2z8mjZxGVJ8v2EDh6eQyMi4zTa11Oy5pcKfadZ4jkxuYWr+9NWe13OHf2NAd72+zu7LQtym3dQ7Ba4f4sCBHO4RPtpHcRIKYIe5LKS1JtkdKaPO/ghMR6z8pgiaVOGdcwKFiWZRghqWpD7ht6nS6/9E//HXe/+KucWO6xub3N7sXnWcoEy5nk2sSgpkMmTrNuJriyoJSOvm8QUtAXGuc9Uy/pZALtHV4KxtYjnGNUZbyhN8hGh9wio1Mbjle75HmOBJo715gIx7rUKCUpa8/jpcSVPTb9IUeHhzxU9liaVHTe+CI3776KLQf0H3kaeewc3piwXs6HOc4t4vJtUrBtv00dlMyZrxRSeEA3tafUkk4Gh0KCCEIy3rc0vdMcyil6uo0Qtp2YHokytIRv7PSZVvs8sjZm5nN+8coyI1vEQzVjjVfEn/PZKAEve2dxzqCFJBeKWW1Q0YukpA3Sob2jaUSspgXhZBiY7R0ojQ6Amto0uGZCk8HlrMtdL7jhHF1rWDaWZWe479gqh3fGJF+qhAosFvPkvHWG7d2bnDh6Gu8bJtN9tm7epMg79Do9hPNUkyEdNebcvQ+yeW3C3bs3GI+nrOaGg8oznAWvZk3Dx86f5BE54c3dhpu6i3MWkwUPtTQYMFg9wsHhGKFUO+wML0POIuU/oD13JQ1XaHs4pGx7O1Q8us0Ihequ0Cm7NHXF/v4u1XTKcDLl+JFweI0EhJaxc9DTWMvhZMpwOuPq3bu8cfU6O0c3GE6mLBcZVyvH7lhgZw1l48lpaKSiZ+H1qcapAi1hKjKQiq6WKOOxEc9LbxF4Mm/Ab1MqTbm/z5XG8RwKJUOhoVQZXSXoCceksXQz6PqapdLT73pubQ05dIec62nO2hpTG5wqybp9ymPnwxFraUMJdG5irdoauoXsuljY/DQ/qx37U1uBsA1d7ditDUobxmMYAMv9Q6QJoysnVYBVEodKgZCEg6bk2YMNNvqeYaPZn0lyHShZ2apSDKbjT840wT46g/OecWXpZ0EgSh0SdZWzYaJhKvvwTYhL4kCJkNhxIbBSBjxUkwZJTS7CUAiXaWYqY99qXp45MA1P7I2ZTOsoSGFRZGR/os1GCEVTz2hMhc403U6HrCzZH+2xfXAXKTM6/WUu3z3g6t1nWC48/a5mNnZUlSVDIKRibCwb1vO+/dvofkFx7AzdwTFcNcNfvA3eUxY5xjmkVOxsb/PN557F1FVUCEmeFy2bJaRAx/MxJPNizSy9pkLZtlaSfOM0iB7T8ZTR3h2Eh1lVsbu3x3A05vjx4/S6XTpak+ssFCUpjfECWzd8/E/+RU69631cevl5dt56ixcuvYIxlllt6EqFrmMuKu8wHVmEVKygEI1lNNzHAd1WQudeMNVDZRJ6haLJcmTdcEiGF5Il6XAysIsqltK4meDQ5pxxGY+4KW8OZ3idcccJXrsxpLNxkn7Z51FRMNCS2s51QPhQOR6mgNJ6ZiEWDixdYLfaaorYSKgNHuMhkxbXNCA13sHGccX2nQNGh4rBcdDKBho1DauOdVtSCpxUTJ0BqdCZioV1ydwHWlg5B66KyUsXhgZkCuUFRpjQC49nOHMUSmJsCKYUAqkz8iIjA/JUkSpCr7iUCiXCXKPGO5ypSIMKsBYpPD0cRub4colDo5g1M5TS87RRS/kBcQheYxrqakpRdJFCc+zkeZaNAWdBqnhgyykmoyG7W1eYGE+/s4SvDinyjOm0QsiM7zl7ggf6JVtNYJbk5df5cgVHzh4nf+0GSuXhvETvqGZT7t66xWw2JdMaBCgV/rYm9DlkuQ7JO+fbQ4gynaG1xnlHXdcorRHZRbq9PmWRt1SybRqcs9y0hutvdOn1l+j1e+RZgdIKXRQUWdaWaFx451M8/O73MhuPufHGq+zvbXPrzm0mBwfU+9tM64qZUNTTCbaqKKQHqbkw6KHw4BzChoNups4z9EBToawhs6EYsK5rOljq0QQ5G9GREqvCLANhm3CylcrpFopJZfiK71Hedz+q26PX6VOsrrJx8gxnLzzAyomTVLNJnAvXBhmt4YvAhDS+aX4kRJLr8BmBwGkdzgfxJgTSy12PGEcXLyRZDrXT1FVASFJ7HBYvRZj+IHw8FkC0s06FiD3RsVZLLtRhOR+mvwelkiEvYuKwABTGN3Q0TJoA3WScul7bQC6WOmsPIFBxMqAm9WWDsYA1GG/jKVbh1A2JZ1JbdmeSpW5J1djWYjgRqovTREbv4qm3gPEN49mITm+AVCrQvBHWGe/QqsCaGpWVZJlCSU9jG5yUZJnmcDzlRK/Pt584RiUbvnH1DXq+5rYV/JeJ4Ds//ATbwwl1HkpnGmPaDW1Mg9Y6BJs+xFZZUbbFuk44nDdkcTiEtZ6qqmKdlscZw2S4ycH2HYq8CNBLaTplEYgMaxjPptTDA/biBPp0ZnjqQwlHDISkbFGW9PpLdNc3uHdllZQubuqKIstQQtJYgzEheZsXnRgYB8Ihy3QgT5xF6yxQyM5ijaWug7GajkaMD3bpZNm8PorALoZhFmG4her2Wdk4ilSS1F/k8VRNzeU338C64D601q1H8DGOS1XNKWhvD4mKzJcQIa5VUlLVNQ/ecxxdaIGroVNYUnVrmTkQnkHpGCwHJfNGB6qPUAsk4/RxhwMblEo6YpNUgGDSg28HBNhWAKJxwToXPQFMG08Zx644nw7IkS02xru2WC/w6JCGOIcQR4K3eG/CvcSanGFtmTWCU+tLVDU0TU06Ii15jpRvSIAwcfSj8QFH108hvGT/cBeDDOdfOIsI3f6YahJzCDrkCYQKE8hR3N9RnK62eMP1OBysc66fQd2w8eYtmumUp+87wdduNxhjQ8Y+z+mUOaYp0FmAPjKtcbKCgM6yyP4KnAu9F1qXWGdpGoPzlvXV9VAukmmsC4G9Uio2Dlkq1zCrDymLgkG/j/dxUJ0McZmMg+saY3DWMZtMsNZgrCXTGoGgMQbb1DQm9NMXeYEQnmoyBiFoTI1C4TJFYw3eemyWkWUa6xweFxqgtEYtr9BbWQFETJqGqgkbUjYteeGdpzENrrI0TRjFZGxD6LUPSp5akj1gTBMT1mmQnGsVx9kAbaVQeBzGhDMOtZaMJ1MO9h9BZxrQkqUsJNKI7JDwnjwHXQqM99TR0yjh6EpHLgWecJaelIJBnjE14CtC70cUVNGm723k4F0MmmJw5ABhkTJOiveexjhyFYocGxzWK6y3CCVbcNl29sXFsC50luVZmOVqo/UbW00313zkycf46vNvcrA3afu5XZS6NNkjJTLT601doZQkyzV2UlFZjzemTe4JIWlME9gvJUOPfXLbDh5fKlF5xgujmpu9dY5NbnNpa5tbU8P2i1dZ6pQYsQTW0DQ1s9owGtX0Oj2kVtR1DSIwUTL0jWK9QytFnmWthfaE0g9kWAclw1Fn3bKDkALT1KgyI8uDJe+UJU3TUJqSMi8iGRDgpdIKfCgaHc7GDEcjNtbWgYYs0xRZ2e5fWQRYl+kMGyU55B1sK8xWWuqZwZiGlcEApMJZQ13XeOcpigJjTPtfpygx1tA0TTRiHmsdZVmEnI8JR2WXed5CTC2C8c5ihUYyehKBysI00NqEwRtKqBgTewSWTGfRQJkQ40UvYpsG8GgjPL1csZwZcmWZmDAetGoyZqamn3mcBWIx16n1HvccOR5iCDcLCuKDQrxxZxSSLC4e4+bDccOkvpCWQIgzYeNCd5WhGycJSwSN94GZImSGZ87jRIA2iJBUo61MDcVpUiqUFORCUXmYGkPTGDrlgMpYruxNOZhNGM8mZFmOQLWQJd2T8GHqiifmbaoptmlommiZIyUc6FETSkVj841SYdaSzgUOxYoWPDHIuVU7xsdO8NjxYxx7a8Lnb+1w1Wj8nQOs3eGee+/H2XBK7ObNG7x26ad58t1Pcvb8WbzzdLodpPcYa6LVDtYyy0LHn1IylsxYdDyEJ9QleabVDE+Ys5Vph8MxnUyDgPjAGBljmDR1zPl43NQxnsyQSrC+ukq3LKnrGmdlrDaowuGtpqEsSqwxNJHokATFrZ1HKoHOOigRMv/O56yvbwBw9+4d8iwPOaHpJJaoB7p5VleBpKlrPJ5Bf4k8D9M4nXMYDGWeI4WgyEusC3my1E5hjEGIQFwYa8EHuci0prGGWRUOHrU2yaaJXidMY1Raxr0NMqCN84yc5UhXslx4ylKSSRiNLM6KCD18SM36wPAIpeh0B1Rqg1lV45sZk/1tDqqEWVxqM8ALYj1MYAZCltfPZ6Hi6EqD9w7rBU0MaEQUPoti6mUbf8RxBSFWcLSeKFgTi8KRa0ltAvNmJzOOHVnjyvVb7B2OsHZGgyWTGUKqULLhgrtt+y1EoAan1ZiXX3uG0XRMsTwAoRAxc22cDXGYczTW07hwb4UqMNZxpptzotS8ZRxyeZWlyvC1O2Me7Hc5Nam4NrUhWw4c7O/T7XbpLi0xrA65+OILvHXpDYq8oL804J1PvpP1tVWaxqCUxFhH04Q5UkpJqtk0MEzTGUJKmqYJvdc2xDLOeYZ2BMB0OkPq4ImrpkYrRZFplNToLGNnf5fJdIpSis2tTTyCMs85f+bMQhwRJv1bZ6nrBmtNyGHIUOXd6XSAEAdopZhVgZU7PDjA2gAlsyynqisqE8pn8ixDS0Vt6nBGo9ZYa7DGIjPJZDbD2XB2i5SS8WRMVTeYpsF6S6YVnaLTGru6MtRN+F5jLVmWBY9KUKK6rtGZxjiDjse+1XUVFVWR5zlaKf5vvXXw5uRHn3kAAAAASUVORK5CYII=

[fig3]: data:image/png;base64,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

[fig4]: data:image/png;base64,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
